 
1 
Auking Mining Limited 
 
Suite 34, Level 10 
320 Adelaide Street 
Brisbane Queensland 4000 
ASX:AKN 
ABN 29 070 859 522 
Phone 07 3535 1208 
www.aukingmining.com 
 
 
 
4 March 2025 
 
ASX RELEASE 
 
AuKing secures right to acquire 50% of 
Cloncurry Gold Project 
 
AuKing Mining Limited (ASX: AKN) is pleased to announce that it has reached an 
important agreement to secure up to a 50% shareholding interest in Orion Resources 
Pty Ltd, the proposed new owner of the Cloncurry Gold Project in northern Queensland.  
 
HIGHLIGHTS 
• 
Increase of Orion Shareholding: AuKing previously announced agreement to acquire 
a 15% shareholding in Orion Resources Pty Ltd (Orion), after incurring $1.5M 
expenditure on project-related activities at the Cloncurry Gold Project(1). The new 
agreement provides for the AuKing interest to increase to 50% by incurring a total of 
$5M in project funding on or before 30 June 2027. 
• 
Acquisition of Cloncurry Gold Project: Orion is advancing its proposed acquisition 
of the Cloncurry Gold Project, with financial close due in April. 
• 
Hub and Spoke Operating Model: Orion is progressing various studies aimed at an 
early re-start of processing operations at the Lorena processing plant including mining 
at the Mt Freda/Golden Mile deposits and the potential to process material from the 
Tick Hill gold mine and tailings. 
AuKing’s Managing Director, Mr Paul Williams, said that the revised Orion acquisition presents 
an excellent opportunity for the Company to secure a significant holding in the Cloncurry Gold 
Project and take advantage of the strong investment market sentiment towards the gold 
sector.  
“Having already secured the right to acquire a 15% interest, AuKing now has the ability to 
acquire a more substantial 50% total interest in the Cloncurry Gold Project assets that are 
being acquired for development by Orion. When you consider that those assets comprise a 
central processing plant (Lorena), mining and exploration licences and (as recently 
announced) access to materials from other mining projects in the region such as Tick Hill, 
AuKing is well-positioned to play a key role in overseeing the re-establishment of mining and 
processing operations around Cloncurry in north Queensland,” said Mr Williams.  
 
(1) Refer AKN announcement dated 27 November 2024 titled “$1.385M rights issue shortfall funding: North 
Queensland gold Earn-In; Proposed Board changes” 
 
2 
 
Cloncurry Gold Project 
Orion has entered into an asset sale agreement (ASA) to acquire the existing Lorena 
processing plant and associated facilities, situated approximately 15 kms east of Cloncurry in 
northern Queensland, together with various exploration and mining tenements in that area. 
The Lorena plant is a conventional carbon in leach gold processing facility. In addition, Orion 
has acquired under the ASA additional exploration and mining tenements approximately 
30kms to the south of the Lorena plant, described as the “Mt Freda/Golden Mile Project”. The 
overall tenure package being acquired by Orion covers an area of 447km2 in the Cloncurry 
Region. 
Orion is developing plans to re-establish mining and processing operations at Lorena, which 
includes possible tailings treatment from the Tick Hill mine operations and also mining at the 
Mt Freda/Golden Mile deposits. As part of a broader production strategy, Orion proposes to 
establish a central gold and copper processing hub for the region. 
 
Figure 1 – Orion’s Cloncurry Gold Project interests, including the Mt Freda/Golden Mill 
mining leases. [Note the nearby Wynberg and Wallace/Wallace South gold projects are not 
assets being acquired by Orion]   
 
 
3 
 
Figure 2 – Lorena Processing Facility 
Earn-in Agreement Terms 
 
AuKing has previously entered into an agreement with Orion making provision for AuKing to 
earn up to a 15% interest in the Cloncurry Gold Project (via shares in Orion). The revised 
agreement now provides for that interest to increase to a total of 50% in accordance with the 
following terms:  
• 
The focus of activities by AuKing will include exploration, drilling and resource 
estimation work associated specifically with the Mt Freda/Golden Mile Project areas, 
but also now addresses other aspects of Orion’s development program including Tick 
Hill tailings re-processing and Lorena plant refurbishment. 
• 
AuKing will have the right to earn a 50% interest in the total package of assets 
(comprising the Cloncurry Gold Project) that are being acquired by Orion by spending 
$5M on Cloncurry Gold Project development activities, including proposed exploration, 
drilling and resource estimation work at Mt Freda/Golden Mile on or before 30 June 
2027. 
• 
AuKing will be involved in the various aspects of project development based around 
the Lorena plant as well as the resource development funding for the proposed Mt 
Freda/Golden Mile mining operation. 
• 
On completion of the AuKing earn-in, an incorporated Joint Venture will be established 
with AuKing holding a 50% shareholding interest in Orion.  
• 
In the event of AuKing failing to meet the $5M expenditure amount, its interests in the 
Cloncurry Project will lapse.  
• 
Some other features of the agreement between AuKing and Orion include:   
 
4 
o Orion will meet the purchase price obligations for the purchase of the Cloncurry 
Gold Project from its own sources and no funds are payable by AuKing; and 
o There are no additional rights for AuKing to acquire further interests in the 
Cloncurry Gold Project after it acquires the 50% holding. To the extent any 
further rights are created, that will be a matter for future negotiation.  
 
 
 
 
This announcement has been authorised by Paul Williams, Managing Director, AuKing 
Mining Limited.      
 
For more information, please contact: 
Paul Williams  
 
 
 
 
Managing Director  
 
 
Mobile +61 419 762 487 
 
 
 
p.williams@aukingmining.com 
 
 
 
 
