23 July 2024 A$2M Cash From Non-Core Asset Sale
Board and Warriedar Resources Limited (ASX: WA8) (Warriedar or the Company) advises that
management it has signed a binding agreement for the sale of its residual Golden Range camp
assets to Fenix Resources Limited (ASX:FEX) for cash consideration of A$2 million.
Non-Executive Chairman
Mark Connelly There are no significant conditions precedent to completion of the transaction, which
is due to take place on 5 August 2024.
Managing Director & CEO
Amanda Buckingham Under the sale agreement, Warriedar retains the first right of refusal to repurchase
the camp should Fenix seek to sell the camp assets to a third party upon the
Non-Executive Director
completion of iron ore production from Fenix’s proximate Shine Iron Ore Mine.
Dianmin Chen
The agreement provides for Fenix to make rooms and messing in the camp available
Chief Financial Officer
for Warriedar. Warriedar is also able to construct alternate camp accommodation
Graeme Morissey
should mining commence at Warriedar’s Golden Range Project while Fenix continues
GM Corporate & GC its iron ore mining activities at Shine.
Stuart Burvill
Cash proceeds from the sale are set to contribute towards ongoing exploration drilling
Company Secretary
of Warriedar’s highly prospective 25km-long ‘Golden Corridor’.
David Palumbo
Exploration Manager – Warriedar Managing Director and CEO, Dr Amanda Buckingham, commented:
Western Australia
“The Golden Range camp is a fully established mining camp designed to support
Thomas Dwight
operational mining activity. Mining camps are costly to maintain and require regular
Exploration Manager – maintenance and full-time staffing. This sale unlocks capital for Warriedar while also
Nevada maintaining the operational support we require for our regional explorational activities.
Steve McMillin The transaction provides us with significant additional cash for value-adding
exploration via the sale of a highly underutilised asset. It also avoids unnecessary
Chief Geologist duplicative camp construction, while providing an option for Warriedar to resume
Peng Sha ownership of the facilities when we are in a position to fully utilise them. It really is a
winning outcome for all parties.”
Capital structure
Current share price
Engage with this announcement at the Warriedar InvestorHub
A$0.068
Current shares on issue
This announcement has been authorised for release by: Amanda
692 M
Buckingham, Managing Director.
Current market
capitalisation CONTACT:
A$47 M
Investors Media
Cash
+61 8 9481 0389 Michael Vaughan (Fivemark Partners)
A$3.6 M (at 30 Jun 2024)
info@warriedarresources.com.au +61 422 602 720
Debt
Zero

