24 January 2025 
 
Page 1 of 3 
sipa.com.au 
ASX: SRI 
Sipa Moves to 100% Ownership of Barbwire Terrace Project  
Key Points 
• Sipa agrees to purchase Buru Energy Limited’s 50% share of the Barbwire Terrace Project, to 
move to 100% ownership 
• Consideration for the purchase is a 0.6% Net Smelter Return royalty 
 
Sipa Resources Limited (ASX: SRI) (“Sipa” or “the Company”) is pleased to advise that it has moved to 
100% ownership of the Barbwire Terrace Base Metal Project (“Barbwire Terrace”), located in the 
Kimberley region of Western Australia (see Figure 1). Exploration at Barbwire Terrace is targeting 
Mississippi Valley style zinc-lead-silver deposits, similar to the Lennard Shelf deposits located on the 
northern side of the Fitzroy Trough. 
On 21 November 2024 Buru Energy Limited (ASX: BRU) announced that it is simplifying its business 
structure to focus on its Rafael Hydrocarbon Project, with plans to monetise its 2H Resources and 
Battmin subsidiary companies. Battmin Pty Ltd (“Battmin”) is the entity Buru is using for its battery 
minerals exploration, which included the 50:50 Barbwire Terrace Joint Venture with Sipa. 
Battmin and Sipa have entered into a Sale and Purchase Agreement (“SPA”), whereby Battmin has 
agreed to sell its 50% interest in the two granted Barbwire Terrace tenements (“Tenements”) to Sipa. 
As consideration for the transfer of Battmin’s interest to Sipa under the SPA, Sipa has agreed to grant 
to Battmin (or its nominated Related Body Corporate) a royalty in respect of the Tenements. 
The rate of royalty payable by Sipa to Battmin is 0.6% of the Net Smelter Return from future production. 
Sipa has the option to purchase the full royalty back for $600,000. 
The Barbwire Terrace Project is now 100% owned and controlled by Sipa. Multiple targets remain to 
be tested at the project and Sipa will refine and prioritise these to assess the next steps, as part of its 
ongoing portfolio review and business development strategy. 
Sipa Managing Director Andrew Muir commented: 
“We would like to thank BRU for its support and contribution to the Barbwire Terrace Joint Venture and 
for the collegial manner in which it has approached the Joint Venture. With BRU’s assistance, we have 
undertaken several rounds of exploration, including completing proof of concept diamond drilling. 
Recent work has confirmed the presence of multiple prospective targets, which Sipa plans to follow up.” 
 
24 January 2025 
 
Page 2 of 3 
sipa.com.au 
ASX: SRI 
 
Figure 1: Location of New and Existing Sipa Projects 
 
This announcement has been authorised for release by the Board of Sipa Resources Limited. 
More Information: 
Investors/Corporate:  
 
 
 
 
 
Media: 
Andrew Muir, Managing Director 
 
 
 
 
Nicholas Read 
Sipa Resources Limited 
 
 
 
 
 
Read Corporate 
+61 (0) 8 9388 1551  
 
 
 
 
 
+61 (0) 8 9388 1474 
reception@sipa.com.au 
 
 
 
 
 
info@readcorporate.com.au 
 
 
24 January 2025 
 
Page 3 of 3 
sipa.com.au 
ASX: SRI 
About Sipa 
Sipa Resources Limited (ASX: SRI) is an Australian-based exploration company focused on the 
discovery of precious, base and specialty metal deposits, primarily in Western Australia.  
• Sipa has recently entered into agreements to acquire prospective gold exploration tenements 
in the Gawler Craton of South Australia, along strike from the Tunkillia gold deposit, and in the 
Goldfields of WA. 
• The Paterson North Project is targeting intrusion-related copper-gold mineralisation 
concealed by more recent cover sediments and is located to the northeast of Rio Tinto’s Winu 
copper-gold discovery. 
• The Skeleton Rocks Project covers outcropping and buried greenstone units, prospective for 
gold, lithium and nickel-copper-platinum group element (Ni-Cu-PGE) deposits, with limited 
previous drilling completed.  
• The Barbwire Terrace base metal (lead-zinc) project, where exploration to date has achieved 
‘proof of concept’ status. 
• At Wolfe Basin, extensive sedex-style base metal (copper-lead-zinc) anomalism and gossans 
provide targets for drill testing along a >80km long prospective horizon. 
• The Warralong Project is prospective for intrusion-related gold and lithium-tin-tantalum 
mineralisation in the north Pilbara region, in an analogous, parallel structural setting to recent 
discoveries such as Hemi. 
