10 March 2025
HIGH GRADE ANTIMONY AND ANTIMONY-GOLD PORTFOLIO ACQUIRED
PAST PRODUCING ANTIMONY MINE EXCEEDING 19.5% ANTIMONY
SAMPLING
HIGHLIGHTS
Resolution Minerals Ltd (ASX:RML) has entered into a Binding Agreement to acquire three antimony,
gold, and copper focused projects in New South Wales and Queensland. These include:
o Drake East Antimony-Gold Project (NSW)
o Neardie Antimony Project (QLD)
o Spur South Gold-Copper Project (NSW)
These acquisitions represent exceptional value and strategic exposure to antimony and gold
Drake East hosts high-grade antimony (Sb), high-grade gold (Au) and high-grade silver (Ag)
mineralisation including peak values of:
o 5.72% Sb (Ball & Smith’s Mine NSW GS Sample # G00/363)
o 60.9 g/t Au (Pine Gully Prospect – Malachite Resources NL 1998 Presentation)
o 214 g/t Ag
Drake East antimony occurrences cover a large area with a strike length of over 15km
Drake East also hosts a placer gold deposit that has a non-JORC compliant Mineral Resource. Alluvial
gold mineralisation occurs over a 750m x 100m area
Neardie Project, which includes 3 past producing antimony mines, hosts very high-grade
antimony mineralisation including peak values of 19.5% Sb
Spur South, located within the highly mineralised Macquarie Arc region in NSW, hosts a large
magnetic anomaly of a scale and potential similar to magnetic signatures of mineralised systems in
the near vicinity
Shareholders on the RML register on the record date (Wednesday 12 March 2025) are entitled to
participate in the current pro-rata non-renounceable issue of one option for every eight shares held by
Eligible Shareholders – options are intended to be quoted and have an exercise price of $0.018 and expiry
of 31 July 2028
Resolution Minerals Ltd (“RML” or the “Company”) (ASX: RML) is pleased to announce that it has entered
into a Binding Agreement for the acquisition of three highly prospective antimony-gold, antimony, and gold-
copper exploration projects, comprising four tenements totalling approximately 194 square kilometres in area.
The projects include:
• The Drake East Antimony-Gold Project comprising one granted Exploration Licence (EL) EL9730
(area: 36 units), formerly ELA6804, in New England, NSW (Table 1).
• The Spur South Gold-Copper Project comprising two ELAs, ELA6784 (37.6 square kilometres) and
ELA6785 (8.6 square kilometres), within Macquarie Arc, NSW (Table 1).
• The Neardie Antimony Project comprising one Exploration Permit Minerals (EPM) application
EPM29111 (40 square kilometres) Gympie, QLD (Table 1).
1

10 March 2025
Table 1: Project tenement information. Please also refer to the Compliancy Tables are at the rear of this announcement.
An Antimony Focus
The Company is acquiring strong antimony assets in light of the strong growth forecast of this critical metal,
which has already seen a 250% price rise in 2024 amidst global supply shortage concerns following China’s
ban on antimony exports.
“The acquisitions are largely through the issue of share capital and represent an exceptional exploration
opportunity for the Company and value for the shareholders” says RML’s Executive Director, Aharon Zaetz.
The Drake East (NSW) and Neardie (QLD) projects signify a low-cost entry into the critical metals sector for
the Company. Both projects are considered brownfields assets with past historic antimony production. The
aim of the Company is to review previous data, generate drill targets based on known antimony mineralisation,
should results be positive, reopen these historic mines in a relatively short period of time.
Drake East Antimony-Gold-Copper Project
The Drake East Project is immediately adjacent to the Legacy Minerals Holdings Ltd (ASX: LGM) Drake Gold-
Copper Project where they are developing a large epithermal gold-copper mineralised system (Figure 1).
The Legacy project area also hosts 24 antimony occurrences which are concentrated close to the western
boundary of Drake East (Figure 1). Recent Legacy rock chip results (ASX announcement 26 February 2025)
include 30% Sb and 0.38g/t Au (Sample 9979) from their Lunatic Prospect, which is 2.2km from Drake East
(Figure 2).
The Drake East Project hosts fourteen known antimony occurrences, including the well-documented Mosquito
Creek Antimony-Gold Reef. These antimony occurrences cover a large area with a NW-SE strike length of
over 15km (Figures 1 and 2). The project also hosts over fifty gold occurrences, including a placer gold
resource at Lanikai West (For additional information: Appendix 2).
A significant antimony occurrence at Drake East is called the Mosquito Creek Antimony-Gold Reef (Figure
2). Antimony and gold here are associated with a vein system bearing 30 NE, 1,000 metres in length, cutting
local geology (Emu Creek Formation mudstones and Jenny Lind Tonalite granites). Antimony (and gold)
mineralisation appear to be closely associated with NE-SW structures that spray from the Jump Up Fault
(Figure 2).
Another significant antimony occurrence at Drake East is the Ball & Smiths Lode, centred in the southern
half of the project area. Juxtaposed with several other antimony and gold occurrences, the Ball & Smiths Lode
is an historic 1870’s mine (shafts and open pits). Assays from Sample Number G00/363 reports 5.72% Sb
and 0.26g/t Au.
2

10 March 2025
The style (classification) of mineralisation is believed to be structurally controlled metahydrothermal vein Au-
Ag-Te type. In these types of deposits, antimony characteristically occurs as the sulphide ore mineral stibnite
(Sb S with 73% mol weight antimony).
2 3
On a regional perspective, the Drake East Project is well placed. Antimony is commonly found in the region
in association with gold in epizonal orogenic systems. Many historical goldfields in northeast NSW are known
to host high-grade antimony mineralisation, including Larvotto Resources’ (ASX: LRV) Hillgrove Mine and
Trigg’s (ASX: TGM) Wild Cattle Creek deposit. Hillgrove is one of the ten largest antimony resources globally
and Australia’s largest antimony deposit.
Figure 1: Location map sourced and modified from the NSW Government interactive MinView web map application. The Drake
East Project area is shown with a orange dashed line. The Legacy Drake Project area is shown with a dashed dark blue line.
The Drake/Drake East projects area hosts over a hundred antimony, gold, silver, and copper occurrences. Many of these are
classified by the NSW Geological Survey as non-JORC Code resources.
3

10 March 2025
Figure 2: Geology map sourced and modified from the NSW Government interactive MinView web map application.
LEFT: Project-wide Carboniferous and Triassic aged sediments (sandstones, siltstones and mudstones) (green and
purple shaded area) and Permian granites (red shaded areas). The NW-SE orientated regional Jump Up Fault skirts the
project area to the SW. NE-SW spray faults from the Jump Up Fault, traverse the project (solid and dashed black lines).
INSERTS: Include details of the main map. INSERT A shows detail of the Mosquito Creek Antimony-Gold Reef area.
INSERT B shows detail of the Ball & smiths Lode mine area.
As well developing the antimony potential of the Drake East Project, the Company will also pursue the gold
(silver and copper) potential.
Drake East has 56 documented historic gold occurrences, with assays at Pine Gully returning up to 60.9 g/t,
and historic production at Bucklands Reef of 100 tonnes @ 32.6 g/t Au (Appendix 1 and 3).
Limited systematic and modern exploration at Drake East represents significant opportunity for Resolution
Minerals. RML plans to initiate systematic exploration programs, including geophysical surveys, geochemical
sampling, and drilling campaigns, to evaluate the mineral potential of these projects.
4

10 March 2025
Neardie Antimony Project
The Company’s second antimony-focused project is the Neardie Project. It is located approximately 20km
north-northeast of Gympie, in QLD. It hosts three historic Neardie stibnite mines, which have been a significant
producer of high-grade antimony ore, with intermittent operations since the 1890s.
It has historically been a significant producer of high-grade antimony ore, with intermittent operations
until the 1890s. The mine was developed with a 527-foot deep shaft and six levels, with stibnite being the
primary mineral of interest (CR097544) (CR22724).
During peak production, the ore grades ranged from 1.5% to over 5% antimony.
Mining lode true thicknesses are reported to be between “a few inches” to “15 feet” (approximately 4.5m).
Sulphide minerals include the ore mineral stibnite; and pyrite, with gauge minerals quartz and calcite.
The Neardie Mine was closely examined in the 1970’s, results of which were summarised by J. Siemon 1974
in a paper for the Queensland Department of Mines entitled “Neardie Antimony Deposits, Gympie”.
(Geological Survey Queensland Data Portal Document Ref #: CR055606). Sampling, underground drilling,
surface drilling and slope fill bulk sampling programs were carried out.
Cautionary Note: The Siemon paper does not contain sample or drilling hole location data. Nevertheless, the
Neardie Antimony Mine is well documented and precisely located, within RML Neardie Project area.
Notable antimony results of this 1970’s work includes a bulk sample by Mining Advisers (of unknown tonnage)
of slope fill material that returned an average grade of 2.49% Sb.
Figure 3: LEFT HALF: Tenement plan created using QLD government GeoResGlobe online resource data portal showing the
locations of the antimony mines; RIGHT HALF: An antimony mines location plan copied from Department of Mines “Neardie
Antimony Deposits, Gympie”. (Geological Survey Queensland Data Portal Document Ref #: CR055606).
5

10 March 2025
Carpentaria Exploration Co. Pty Ltd conducted an underground rock chip sampling program of the Neardie
Antimony Mine in 1971. Samples returned results up to 19.5% Sb (Figure 4 and Table 2). Whilst the reference
document does not include sample locations (pre-GPS and unsurveyed), the samples locations are shown in
underground plans of the Neardie Mine of which the location is well documented (Figure 4).
Figure 4 (above): Copies of digitised plans from the Department of Mines “Neardie Antimony Deposits, Gympie”. (Geological
Survey Queensland Data Portal Document Ref #: CR055606) showing the sample locations mentioned in an occupying table.
Table 2 (right): Carpentaria Exploration underground rock chip
samples enlarged for clarity sake. Of the nineteen samples taken by
Carpentaria, 14 return Sb grades greater than 1%. The ten
highlighted samples (pink shading) are greater than 5% Sb. Four
samples are grater than 15% Sb.
It is RML’s opinion that significant extensions of high-
grade antimony are possible, not only along strike and at
depth, but in parallel systems, as was concluded in 1974
“the prospects of finding additional ore shoots in parallel
and faulted lodes are favourable” J. Siemon 1974).
Samples from the upper level of the mine contain up to 3
oz silver/t (CR055606) or 93 g/t Silver (Ag).
6

10 March 2025
Strong Gold-Copper Upside Focus
As well as a new antimony focus, the Company has also acquired a gold-copper project that has very
significant upside potential.
The new Spur South Gold-Copper Project comprises two granted ELs, EL9719 and EL9720 (Table 1,
Figures 6 and 7). It is located in the prolific Macquarie Arc Metal Belt, home to 25 known gold-copper porphyry
systems. It hosts six world-class gold-copper mines, 17 significant porphyry deposits and 2 mines in Feasibility
Study stage (Figure 6). Extremely well situated within the Lachlan Fold Belt, it is closely surrounded by major
deposits and prospective exploration projects that have shown recent discovery success, such as:
• Cadia: >50Moz Au & 9.5Mt Cu (Newmont)1
• Cowal: >11Moz Au (Evolution: EVL)2
• McPhillamy’s: 2.3Moz (Regis Resources: RRL)3
• Discovery Ridge & Bald Hill: (Regis Resources: RRL)3
• Boda: 7.3Moz Au (Alkane: ALK)4
• Kempfield: 65.8 Moz Silver, 125k oz Gold (Argent: ARD)5
• Spur: 108m @ .55% Cu (Waratah: WTM)6
Spur South is strategically positioned approximately 15km south-west from Newcrest Mining’s Cadia Valley
Operations (>50Moz Au, 9.5Mt Cu, Measured and Indicated Mineral Resources, Newcrest), and
approximately 5 km west of Waratah Mineral’s Spur Project in central western New South Wales, and is
hosted in equivalent Late Ordovician aged geology of the Molong Belt within the wider Macquarie Arc.
Figure 6: Regional plan showing the various mining operations in relation to the location of the Spur South tenements.
7

10 March 2025
In addition to its compelling nearology that validates the regional exploration strategy, the individual EL areas
host very significant exist geophysical targets.
Figure 7: Cadastral map sourced and modified from the NSW Government interactive MinView web map application. The Spur
South EL9720 and Spur South EL9729 Project parts are highlighted. Also highlighted are the known gold, copper and resource
development projects in the vicinity. A satellite image is superimposed above the Cadia Valley Operations (to scale). Also
highlighted is the Golden Clad and Ironclad Mines.
Spur South Project (EL9720)
Granted EL9720 is located approximately 25km west of the Cadia Valley Operations and 7km west of the
Golden Clad/Ironclad Mines (Figure 7). The project area of EL9720 hosts regionally faulted volcanic rocks
varying in composition from felsic to intermediate and associated sedimentary rocks. of Silurian age, and
mafic rocks, including basalt, basaltic andesite and latite lavas and intrusions, and associated sedimentary
rocks of Ordovician age (Figure 7). The NW-SE to NNW-SSE orientated Manildra and Belubula faults traverse
the project area.
Importantly, it is the presence of these regional mineral-system controlling faults and a large total magnetic
anomaly (high) which is of tremendous interest at Spur South EL9720. The Cadia Valley Operation and
Golden Clad/Ironclad gold and copper deposits coincide with total magnetic highs (Figure 7).
8

10 March 2025
Figure 8: Geology map and total magnetics map sourced and modified from the NSW Government interactive MinView web
map application. TOP: Project-wide Carboniferous and Triassic aged sediments (sandstones, siltstones and mudstones) (green
and purple shaded area) and Permian granites (red shaded areas). BOTTOM: A prominent magnetic high ridges (“corridor”)
traverses the Spur South EL9720 project area. Discrete magnetic highs are evident along this magnetic corridor. A similar
(parallel) magnetic expression occurs at the Golden Cald and Ironclad mines.
Spur South Project (EL9719)
Granted EL9719 is located approximately 15km southwest of the Cadia Valley Operations and 10km south of
the Golden Clad/Ironclad Mines (Figure 7). The project area of EL9720 hosts regionally faulted volcanic rocks
varying in composition from felsic to intermediate and associated sedimentary rocks. of Silurian age, and
mafic rocks, including basalt, basaltic andesite and latite lavas and intrusions, and associated sedimentary
rocks of Ordovician age (Figure 9). The NW-SE to NNW-SSE orientated Manildra and Belubula faults traverse
the project area.
Importantly, it is the presence of these regional mineral-system controlling faults and a large total magnetic
anomaly (high) which is of tremendous interest at Spur South EL9719. The Cadia Valley Operation and
Golden Clad/Ironclad gold and copper deposits coincide with total magnetic highs (Figure 9).
The Spur South tenements remain significantly underexplored despite being surrounded by majors. There
has been no exploration drilling on the tenements. Magnetics on the tenements highlight 4km+ strike potential
and target zone for exploration.
9

10 March 2025
Figure 9: Geology map and total magnetics map sourced and modified from the NSW Government interactive MinView web
map application. LEFT: Project-wide Carboniferous and Triassic aged sediments (sandstones, siltstones and mudstones) (green
and purple shaded area). RIGHT: A prominent magnetic high ridges (“corridor”) extends south from the Golden Cald and Ironclad
mines, directly into Spur South EL9719.
“The Spur South EL9720 and EL9719 Project areas both hosts geophysical anomalies that constitute a
clear and compelling target. This is particularly interesting when considering the similarity of the geophysical
signatures on our ground compared to the nearby world-class tier-1 deposits of the Cadia Valley” says
RML’s Executive Director, Aharon Zaetz.
10

10 March 2025
Key Terms of the Acquisitions
The Company has entered into a binding term sheet with DEVIL PROSPECTING PTY LTD (ACN 676 320
988), and 1205 PTY LTD (ACN 669 387 562) to acquire 100% of the issued share capital of DEVIL
PROSPECTING PTY LTD (ACN 676 320 988), and 1205 PTY LTD (ACN 669 387 562) which are the
registered legal holders of EL 9730, EL 9719, EL 9720 and EPM 29111. A summary of the material terms
and conditions of the Acquisition is set out below:
1. Acquisition Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent set out in clause 3
below (Conditions), the Purchaser agrees to acquire from the Shareholders and the
Shareholders each agree to sell all of the Company Shares to the Purchaser, free from
encumbrances, for the consideration referred to in clause 2 below (the Acquisition).
2. Consideration Subject to clause 3, in consideration for the Acquisition, the Purchaser agrees to pay
the following consideration to the Shareholders (Consideration) at settlement of the
Acquisition (Settlement):
to issue 25,000,000 paid ordinary shares in the capital of the Purchaser
(Shares) to the Shareholders (Consideration Shares), at a deemed issue
price of $0.01 AUD per Share in two equal tranches (under the Company’s
15% placement capacity under Listing Rule 7.1):
tranche 1 at Settlement and tranche 2 subject to and following upon
conclusion of due diligence but no later than 30 days following execution; and
$70,000 AUD cash (Consideration Cash) payable within a maximum 20
calendar days of the ASX transaction announcement.
The Consideration Shares will be subject to the following Escrow Conditions (Escrow):
(a) 50% of the Consideration Shares issued to the Shareholders will
be subject to a voluntary escrow period of 3 months from the
Settlement Date.
(b) The remaining 50% of the Consideration Shares will be subject to
a voluntary escrow period of 6 months from the Settlement Date.
(c) The Shareholders may transfer the Consideration Shares to a
nominee or associated entity, provided that the recipient agrees in
writing to be bound by the same escrow restrictions.
(d) Transfers required by law (e.g., bankruptcy, court orders) will not
violate escrow terms.
(e) If any Shareholder breaches the escrow restrictions, the Purchaser
shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief or specific performance to
prevent unauthorised dealings.
3. Conditions Settlement of the Acquisition is subject to and conditional upon the satisfaction (or
waiver in accordance with this Agreement) of the following conditions precedent:
(a) The parties obtaining all statutory and regulatory approvals and/or waivers
required to implement the Sale,
(b) The absence of a material adverse change in relation to the Assets
(c) Due diligence period of 30 days from execution.
(together, the Conditions).
Each Party must use its reasonable endeavours to satisfy the Conditions as soon as
practicable after the date of this Agreement.
11

TABLE:
1. Acquisition | Subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the conditions precedent set out in clause 3
below (Conditions), the Purchaser agrees to acquire from the Shareholders and the
Shareholders each agree to sell all of the Company Shares to the Purchaser, free from
encumbrances, for the consideration referred to in clause 2 below (the Acquisition).
2. Consideration | Subject to clause 3, in consideration for the Acquisition, the Purchaser agrees to pay
the following consideration to the Shareholders (Consideration) at settlement of the
Acquisition (Settlement):
to issue 25,000,000 paid ordinary shares in the capital of the Purchaser
(Shares) to the Shareholders (Consideration Shares), at a deemed issue
price of $0.01 AUD per Share in two equal tranches (under the Company’s
15% placement capacity under Listing Rule 7.1):
tranche 1 at Settlement and tranche 2 subject to and following upon
conclusion of due diligence but no later than 30 days following execution; and
$70,000 AUD cash (Consideration Cash) payable within a maximum 20
calendar days of the ASX transaction announcement.
The Consideration Shares will be subject to the following Escrow Conditions (Escrow):
(a) 50% of the Consideration Shares issued to the Shareholders will
be subject to a voluntary escrow period of 3 months from the
Settlement Date.
(b) The remaining 50% of the Consideration Shares will be subject to
a voluntary escrow period of 6 months from the Settlement Date.
(c) The Shareholders may transfer the Consideration Shares to a
nominee or associated entity, provided that the recipient agrees in
writing to be bound by the same escrow restrictions.
(d) Transfers required by law (e.g., bankruptcy, court orders) will not
violate escrow terms.
(e) If any Shareholder breaches the escrow restrictions, the Purchaser
shall be entitled to seek injunctive relief or specific performance to
prevent unauthorised dealings.
3. Conditions | Settlement of the Acquisition is subject to and conditional upon the satisfaction (or
waiver in accordance with this Agreement) of the following conditions precedent:
(a) The parties obtaining all statutory and regulatory approvals and/or waivers
required to implement the Sale,
(b) The absence of a material adverse change in relation to the Assets
(c) Due diligence period of 30 days from execution.
(together, the Conditions).
Each Party must use its reasonable endeavours to satisfy the Conditions as soon as
practicable after the date of this Agreement.

10 March 2025
RML’s Executive Director, Aharon Zaetz commented:
“This acquisition marks a pivotal moment for Resolution Minerals, offering a unique opportunity to broaden
our multi-commodity exploration activities in two of Australia’s most promising and proven regions for
antimony, gold, silver and copper. The Neardie, Spur South and Drake East projects present exciting
prospects that align with our strategy to unlock value from underexplored, high-potential assets. We were
able to secure the project portfolio for a very attractive price, with the vendors agreeing to take majority of
their consideration in equity in RML. Global demand for antimony is rising quickly, and combined with supply
shortage concerns, this has resulted in record-high prices of over US$50,000 per tonne for the commodity.
With these projects in hand, RML is now poised to create substantial value for our shareholders and advance
these projects toward their full potential.”
Competent Person’s Statement
The information in this report that relates to exploration activities for the Drake East, Spur South project in
New South Wales, and the Neardie Project in Queensland, is based on information compiled by Mr Ross
Brown BSc (Hons), M AusIMM, SEG, Principal Geologist/director of exploration consulting firm, Riviere
Minerals Pty. Ltd, who is a Member of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy. Mr Brown has
sufficient experience, which is relevant to the exploration activities, style of mineralisation and types of
deposits under consideration, and to the activity which has been undertaken, to qualify as a Competent Person
as defined in the 2012 Edition of the “Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral
Resources and Ore Reserves”. Riviere Minerals is consulting to Resolutions Minerals Limited and consents
to the report being issued in the form and context in which it appears.
Disclaimer
This report and opinions contained herein are based on the processing and review of data sourced from
various State Geological Survey data portals. The author based its conclusions and recommendations on
these data in the format it was provided. The author does not take any responsibility or liability for the data
obtained from these sources, nor does the author take any responsibility or liability for commercial decisions
or work carried out by Resolution Ltd, any related party, or subsequent parties, or actions resulting from them.
About Rivere Minerals (and associated Sunbird Resources)
Rivere Minerals is a resource consultancy specialising in project evaluation and portfolio management. Its
principle geologist and sole director, Mr Ross Brown, has nearly 40 years of experience in mineral exploration
worldwide. Through Riviere and its associated company Sunbird Resources, Mr Brown also provides
assistance in exploration planning, execution and [ASX] reporting.
Authorised for release by the board of Resolution Minerals Ltd.
For further information, please contact Aharon Zaetz Executive Director.
Aharon Zaetz
Executive Director
Resolution Minerals Ltd
M: +61 424 743 098
ari@resolutionminerals.com
12

10 March 2025
References
1. Reserves and Resources | Newmont Corporation – Operations & Projects
2. Evolution., 2023, https://evolutionmining.com.au/reservesresources/
3. Regis Resources 2023., Annual Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve Statement 8 June 2023
4. Alkane 2023., ASX Announcement, Boda Resource Update Increases Gold and Copper
Grades, 14 December 2023
5. https://argentminerals.com.au/projects/nsw-kempfield-project/
6. WTM.ASX Investor Presentation 4 February 2025
13

10 March 2025
Appendix 1: Malachite Resources NL Source Document (for reference to historic
gold sample)
The eastern half of Malachite’s Frasers Prosoect area (Refer below) is located within RML’s Drake East Projct.
The Pine Gully Prospect (below) is the same as that shown in Figures 1 and 2 in this announcement.
14

10 March 2025
Appendix 2: Metallic and Industrial Deposits: 162831 - Lanikai West Gully
alluvials (Lanikai West Gully alluvials)
GDA94 Coords: -28.725525,152.423038
GDA94 Mga_coordsys: MGA_56S // GDA94 Mga_north: 6822287 // GDA94 Mga_east: 443656
Loc_method: GPSA66
Accuracy: 50
Grid_loc: Lower central alluvial
Major_comm: Au
Size_code: MED
Resources: (2001-09-01) 300000m3 exploration result for 0.75t Au
Comm_type: METMIN
Met_prefix: WARWICK
Met_no: 0259
Geo_province: New England Orogen // Metal_dist: Tooloom
Op_status: ceased // Op_method: PIT
Locality: 0.5km SSW of Paddys Flat
Length: 750.00 // Width: 150.00
Work_desc: shallow pits
Compiler: HF Henley 30/03/2001
Last_update: 2009-10-26
Occur_size: Medium
Update_hist: Mon Oct 26 2009 downesp H.F. Henley, 30/03/2001
Notes: This elluvial/alluvial occurrence is thought to extend approximately 0.75km south along small creek towards Lomikai
Homestead. Numerous filled in pits all around the PF19 deposit with a greater concentration occurring on the east side of this
(description would include lower reaches of PF115. Extent of workings is about 250m x 150m. Full extent is not known for
certain. Local owner has filled in some holes. Hand auger samples returned an estimate of 1g/t native gold, with values
increasing towards base of alluvial section and estimates of volume of alluvium suggest about 500,000 m3 of auriferous wash
(GS1992/169). Alluvials extend up the creek/gully towards Lanikai Homestead.
Op_state: not operating
Commodities
Au MAJOR
Current Resource Estimates
2001-09-01 Resource: 300000m3 Categ: Exploration Result Current
Au: 0.75t Contained, Avg Grade: 1g/t Estimate
Classification
• placer - Au dominated Broken Hill or Other Classification
• modern placer (fluvial) General geological model Mechanical
• Au-Ag eluvial/alluvial/deep lead NSW Deposit Type Classification Mechanical
Current Tenements
• EL9730 TAS ID:32105
References
• (1992) GS:GS1992/169 DIGS:R00001606
Tooloom Gold P/L (1997) 6th Annual Report March 1997 GS:GS1997/468 DIGS:R00002859
Wilkinson I. (1980) Forgotten country, the story of the Upper Clarence gold fields.
15

10 March 2025
Appendix 3: NSW Government Geological Survey Data Source (references to
gold mineralisation in relation to Drake East commentary)
16

10 March 2025
Appendix 2: JORC Code, 2012 Edition
Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data
(Criteria in this section apply to all succeeding sections.)
Criteria JORC Code explanation Commentary
Sampling • Nature and quality of sampling (eg cut • Historical Data. Open file NWS Geological
techniques channels, random chips, or specific Survey online data portal (MinView)
specialised industry standard measurement pertaining to sampling referred to in this
tools appropriate to the minerals under announcement relating to the Spur South
investigation, such as down hole gamma and Drake East projects.
sondes, or handheld XRF instruments, etc). • Historical Data. Open file QLD Geological
These examples should not be taken as Survey online data portal (GeoResGlobe)
limiting the broad meaning of sampling. pertaining to sampling referred to in this
• Include reference to measures taken to announcement relating to the Neardie
ensure sample representivity and the Projects.
appropriate calibration of any measurement • Principal references used to describe the
tools or systems used. samples include:
• Aspects of the determination of
Queensland Department of Mines
mineralisation that are Material to the
entitled “Neardie Antimony Deposits,
Public Report.
Gympie”. (Geological Survey
• In cases where ‘industry standard’ work has
Queensland Data Portal Document Ref
been done this would be relatively simple (eg
#: CR055606). Sampling, underground
‘reverse circulation drilling was used to
drilling, surface drilling and slope fill
obtain 1 m samples from which 3 kg was
bulk sampling programs were carried
pulverised to produce a 30 g charge for fire
out.
assay’). In other cases more explanation may
be required, such as where there is coarse Legacy Minerals Limited ASX
gold that has inherent sampling problems. announcement 26 February 2025
Unusual commodities or mineralisation types pertaining to their Drake Project rock
(eg submarine nodules) may warrant chip results. Legacy reported that the
disclosure of detailed information. rock sampling was of a reconnaissance
nature was undertaken across the
Lunatic Vein Field area and was biased
towards outcrop and sub-crop.
• Based on the independent review by Riviere
Minerals of the data available, the
underground sampling technique was rock
channel type, ranging in length form a few
“inches” to a few “feet”. Channel orientation
are believed to be perpendicular to the
mineralisation.
• A bult sample of unknown tonnage is
referred to in this announcement.
• Sampling pre-dates handheld GPS and no
survey data was available.
Drilling • Drill type (eg core, reverse circulation, open- • No drilling results are referred to in this
techniques hole hammer, rotary air blast, auger, announcement..
Bangka, sonic, etc) and details (eg core
diameter, triple or standard tube, depth of
diamond tails, face-sampling bit or other
type, whether core is oriented and if so, by
what method, etc).
17

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | JORC Code explanation |  |  | Commentary | 
Sampling
techniques |  |  | • Nature and quality of sampling (eg cut
channels, random chips, or specific
specialised industry standard measurement
tools appropriate to the minerals under
investigation, such as down hole gamma
sondes, or handheld XRF instruments, etc).
These examples should not be taken as
limiting the broad meaning of sampling.
• Include reference to measures taken to
ensure sample representivity and the
appropriate calibration of any measurement
tools or systems used.
• Aspects of the determination of
mineralisation that are Material to the
Public Report.
• In cases where ‘industry standard’ work has
been done this would be relatively simple (eg
‘reverse circulation drilling was used to
obtain 1 m samples from which 3 kg was
pulverised to produce a 30 g charge for fire
assay’). In other cases more explanation may
be required, such as where there is coarse
gold that has inherent sampling problems.
Unusual commodities or mineralisation types
(eg submarine nodules) may warrant
disclosure of detailed information. |  |  | • Historical Data. Open file NWS Geological
Survey online data portal (MinView)
pertaining to sampling referred to in this
announcement relating to the Spur South
and Drake East projects.
• Historical Data. Open file QLD Geological
Survey online data portal (GeoResGlobe)
pertaining to sampling referred to in this
announcement relating to the Neardie
Projects.
• Principal references used to describe the
samples include:
Queensland Department of Mines
entitled “Neardie Antimony Deposits,
Gympie”. (Geological Survey
Queensland Data Portal Document Ref
#: CR055606). Sampling, underground
drilling, surface drilling and slope fill
bulk sampling programs were carried
out.
Legacy Minerals Limited ASX
announcement 26 February 2025
pertaining to their Drake Project rock
chip results. Legacy reported that the
rock sampling was of a reconnaissance
nature was undertaken across the
Lunatic Vein Field area and was biased
towards outcrop and sub-crop.
• Based on the independent review by Riviere
Minerals of the data available, the
underground sampling technique was rock
channel type, ranging in length form a few
“inches” to a few “feet”. Channel orientation
are believed to be perpendicular to the
mineralisation.
• A bult sample of unknown tonnage is
referred to in this announcement.
• Sampling pre-dates handheld GPS and no
survey data was available. |  | 
Drilling
techniques |  |  | • Drill type (eg core, reverse circulation, open-
hole hammer, rotary air blast, auger,
Bangka, sonic, etc) and details (eg core
diameter, triple or standard tube, depth of
diamond tails, face-sampling bit or other
type, whether core is oriented and if so, by
what method, etc). |  |  | • No drilling results are referred to in this
announcement.. |  | 

10 March 2025
Criteria JORC Code explanation Commentary
Drill sample • Method of recording and assessing core and • No drilling results are referred to in this
recovery chip sample recoveries and results assessed. announcement..
• Measures taken to maximise sample recovery
and ensure representative nature of the
samples.
• Whether a relationship exists between
sample recovery and grade and whether
sample bias may have occurred due to
preferential loss/gain of fine/coarse
material.
Logging • Whether core and chip samples have been • No drilling results are referred to in this
geologically and geotechnically logged to a announcement..
level of detail to support appropriate Mineral
Resource estimation, mining studies and
metallurgical studies.
• Whether logging is qualitative or
quantitative in nature. Core (or costean,
channel, etc) photography.
• The total length and percentage of the
relevant intersections logged.
Sub-sampling • If core, whether cut or sawn and whether • No drilling results are referred to in this
techniques and quarter, half or all core taken. announcement.
sample • If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled, • In the rock chip channel and bulk sample
rotary split, etc and whether sampled wet or sampling no sub-sampling was referred to
preparation
dry. in the available data.
• For all sample types, the nature, quality and
appropriateness of the sample preparation
technique.
• Quality control procedures adopted for all
sub-sampling stages to maximise
representivity of samples.
• Measures taken to ensure that the sampling
is representative of the in situ material
collected, including for instance results for
field duplicate/second-half sampling.
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the
grain size of the material being sampled.
Quality of • The nature, quality and appropriateness of • Based on available data it is unknown
assay data and the assaying and laboratory procedures used whether the assay data is partial or total.
laboratory and whether the technique is considered • No pXRF technology was available at the
partial or total. time of the sampling.
tests
• For geophysical tools, spectrometers, • No analytical method was stated in the
handheld XRF instruments, etc, the available data. It is presumed that a certified
parameters used in determining the analysis laboratory completed the assay analysis.
including instrument make and model, • No information is available concerning the
reading times, calibrations factors applied control procedures adopted.
and their derivation, etc.
• Nature of quality control procedures
adopted (eg standards, blanks, duplicates,
external laboratory checks) and whether
acceptable levels of accuracy (i.e. lack of
bias) and precision have been established.
18

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | JORC Code explanation |  |  | Commentary | 
Drill sample
recovery |  |  | • Method of recording and assessing core and
chip sample recoveries and results assessed.
• Measures taken to maximise sample recovery
and ensure representative nature of the
samples.
• Whether a relationship exists between
sample recovery and grade and whether
sample bias may have occurred due to
preferential loss/gain of fine/coarse
material. |  |  | • No drilling results are referred to in this
announcement.. |  | 
Logging |  |  | • Whether core and chip samples have been
geologically and geotechnically logged to a
level of detail to support appropriate Mineral
Resource estimation, mining studies and
metallurgical studies.
• Whether logging is qualitative or
quantitative in nature. Core (or costean,
channel, etc) photography.
• The total length and percentage of the
relevant intersections logged. |  |  | • No drilling results are referred to in this
announcement.. |  | 
Sub-sampling
techniques and
sample
preparation |  |  | • If core, whether cut or sawn and whether
quarter, half or all core taken.
• If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled,
rotary split, etc and whether sampled wet or
dry.
• For all sample types, the nature, quality and
appropriateness of the sample preparation
technique.
• Quality control procedures adopted for all
sub-sampling stages to maximise
representivity of samples.
• Measures taken to ensure that the sampling
is representative of the in situ material
collected, including for instance results for
field duplicate/second-half sampling.
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the
grain size of the material being sampled. |  |  | • No drilling results are referred to in this
announcement.
• In the rock chip channel and bulk sample
sampling no sub-sampling was referred to
in the available data. |  | 
Quality of
assay data and
laboratory
tests |  |  | • The nature, quality and appropriateness of
the assaying and laboratory procedures used
and whether the technique is considered
partial or total.
• For geophysical tools, spectrometers,
handheld XRF instruments, etc, the
parameters used in determining the analysis
including instrument make and model,
reading times, calibrations factors applied
and their derivation, etc.
• Nature of quality control procedures
adopted (eg standards, blanks, duplicates,
external laboratory checks) and whether
acceptable levels of accuracy (i.e. lack of
bias) and precision have been established. |  |  | • Based on available data it is unknown
whether the assay data is partial or total.
• No pXRF technology was available at the
time of the sampling.
• No analytical method was stated in the
available data. It is presumed that a certified
laboratory completed the assay analysis.
• No information is available concerning the
control procedures adopted. |  | 

10 March 2025
Criteria JORC Code explanation Commentary
Verification of • The verification of significant intersections • No significant intersections are referred to
sampling and by either independent or alternative in this announcement.
assaying company personnel. • No drilling and therefore twinned holes are
• The use of twinned holes. mentioned in this announcement.
• Documentation of primary data, data entry • Sample and assaying data is available using
procedures, data verification, data storage public Geological Survey online resource
(physical and electronic) protocols. data portals. Digitised files are created from
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data. original hard copy documents. Where
possible and appropriate to do so, the
author has including copies of original plans
and tables to show access to originally
reported data.
• No attempt has been made to adjust assay
data.
Location of • Accuracy and quality of surveys used to • All data points (historic tenements [NSW,
data points locate drill holes (collar and down-hole QLD]), mines and prospects, sample
surveys), trenches, mine workings and other locations) were derived from Geological
locations used in Mineral Resource Survey online resource data portals.
estimation. Digitised files are created from original hard
• Specification of the grid system used. copy documents. Where possible and
• Quality and adequacy of topographic control. appropriate to do so, the author has
including copies of original plans to show
locations of material sites.
Data spacing • Data spacing for reporting of Exploration • With reference to the 1970’s underground
and Results. sampling by Carpentaria Co Pty Ltd. rock
distribution • Whether the data spacing and distribution is chip sampling appears well distributed and
sufficient to establish the degree of appropriate for the style of mineralisation
geological and grade continuity appropriate (of that near vertical thin vein
for the Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve mineralisation).
estimation procedure(s) and classifications
applied.
• Whether sample compositing has been
applied.
Orientation of • Whether the orientation of sampling • With reference to the 1970’s underground
data in achieves unbiased sampling of possible sampling by Carpentaria Co Pty Ltd. rock
relation to structures and the extent to which this is chip sampling appears well distributed and
known, considering the deposit type. appropriate for the style of mineralisation
geological
• If the relationship between the drilling (of that near vertical thin vein
structure
orientation and the orientation of key mineralisation).
mineralised structures is considered to have
introduced a sampling bias, this should be
assessed and reported if material.
Sample • The measures taken to ensure sample • Due to the historical nature of the samples
security security. the measures taken to ensure sample
security are unknown.
Audits or • The results of any audits or reviews of • The completion of sampling techniques and
reviews sampling techniques and data. data is unknown.
19

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | JORC Code explanation |  |  | Commentary | 
Verification of
sampling and
assaying |  |  | • The verification of significant intersections
by either independent or alternative
company personnel.
• The use of twinned holes.
• Documentation of primary data, data entry
procedures, data verification, data storage
(physical and electronic) protocols.
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data. |  |  | • No significant intersections are referred to
in this announcement.
• No drilling and therefore twinned holes are
mentioned in this announcement.
• Sample and assaying data is available using
public Geological Survey online resource
data portals. Digitised files are created from
original hard copy documents. Where
possible and appropriate to do so, the
author has including copies of original plans
and tables to show access to originally
reported data.
• No attempt has been made to adjust assay
data. |  | 
Location of
data points |  |  | • Accuracy and quality of surveys used to
locate drill holes (collar and down-hole
surveys), trenches, mine workings and other
locations used in Mineral Resource
estimation.
• Specification of the grid system used.
• Quality and adequacy of topographic control. |  |  | • All data points (historic tenements [NSW,
QLD]), mines and prospects, sample
locations) were derived from Geological
Survey online resource data portals.
Digitised files are created from original hard
copy documents. Where possible and
appropriate to do so, the author has
including copies of original plans to show
locations of material sites. |  | 
Data spacing
and
distribution |  |  | • Data spacing for reporting of Exploration
Results.
• Whether the data spacing and distribution is
sufficient to establish the degree of
geological and grade continuity appropriate
for the Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve
estimation procedure(s) and classifications
applied.
• Whether sample compositing has been
applied. |  |  | • With reference to the 1970’s underground
sampling by Carpentaria Co Pty Ltd. rock
chip sampling appears well distributed and
appropriate for the style of mineralisation
(of that near vertical thin vein
mineralisation). |  | 
Orientation of
data in
relation to
geological
structure |  |  | • Whether the orientation of sampling
achieves unbiased sampling of possible
structures and the extent to which this is
known, considering the deposit type.
• If the relationship between the drilling
orientation and the orientation of key
mineralised structures is considered to have
introduced a sampling bias, this should be
assessed and reported if material. |  |  | • With reference to the 1970’s underground
sampling by Carpentaria Co Pty Ltd. rock
chip sampling appears well distributed and
appropriate for the style of mineralisation
(of that near vertical thin vein
mineralisation). |  | 
Sample
security |  |  | • The measures taken to ensure sample
security. |  |  | • Due to the historical nature of the samples
the measures taken to ensure sample
security are unknown. |  | 
Audits or
reviews |  |  | • The results of any audits or reviews of
sampling techniques and data. |  |  | • The completion of sampling techniques and
data is unknown. |  | 

10 March 2025
Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results
(Criteria listed in the preceding section also apply to this section.)
Criteria JORC Code explanation Commentary
Mineral tenement • Type, reference name/number, location and • This announcement refers to three
and land tenure ownership including agreements or projects subjects of a binding acquisition
status material issues with third parties such as agreement (provided in the body of the
joint ventures, partnerships, overriding report) involving four tenements: Drake
royalties, native title interests, past sites, East: EL9730; Spur South: EL9719 &
wilderness or national park and EL9720; Neardie: EPM29111
environmental settings. • The granted exploration licences are in
• The security of the tenure held at the time of good standing at the time of this
reporting along with any known announcement.
impediments to obtaining a licence to • The EPM is application only.
operate in the area.
Exploration done • Acknowledgment and appraisal of • All exploration work reported in this
by other parties exploration by other parties. announcement (mostly of a historic
nature) has been carried out by other
parties, including: the Geological Survey
of Queensland, Carpentaria Exploration
and Mining Advisors.
• Legacy Minerals completed a rock chip
program which was originally reported to
the public via the ASX portal in February
2025.
Geology • Deposit type, geological setting and style of • The geology of the Drake East Project is
mineralisation. affected by the New England Orogen,
comprising Carboniferous and Triassic
aged sediments, and Permian-aged
granites. The Sb (Au-As) mineralisation
in vein type associated with near-vertical
structures.
• Spur South Project is affected by the
Lachlan Fold Belt, comprising Ordovician
and Triassic aged mixed sediments and
volcanics.
• The geology of the Neardie Project is
primarily that of Duckinwilla Group
feldspathic labile and sub-labile to
quartzose sandstone, siltstone, shale,
coal, ferruginous oolite marker
sediments of late Triassic age, locally
affected by intrusive Triassic granites.
The Sb (Au-As) mineralisation in vein
type associated with near-vertical
structures.
Drillhole • A summary of all information material to • No drillhole results are reported in this
Information the understanding of the exploration results announcement.
including a tabulation of the following
information for all Material drillholes:
o easting and northing of the drillhole
collar
20

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | JORC Code explanation |  |  | Commentary | 
Mineral tenement
and land tenure
status |  |  | • Type, reference name/number, location and
ownership including agreements or
material issues with third parties such as
joint ventures, partnerships, overriding
royalties, native title interests, past sites,
wilderness or national park and
environmental settings.
• The security of the tenure held at the time of
reporting along with any known
impediments to obtaining a licence to
operate in the area. |  |  | • This announcement refers to three
projects subjects of a binding acquisition
agreement (provided in the body of the
report) involving four tenements: Drake
East: EL9730; Spur South: EL9719 &
EL9720; Neardie: EPM29111
• The granted exploration licences are in
good standing at the time of this
announcement.
• The EPM is application only. |  | 
Exploration done
by other parties |  |  | • Acknowledgment and appraisal of
exploration by other parties. |  |  | • All exploration work reported in this
announcement (mostly of a historic
nature) has been carried out by other
parties, including: the Geological Survey
of Queensland, Carpentaria Exploration
and Mining Advisors.
• Legacy Minerals completed a rock chip
program which was originally reported to
the public via the ASX portal in February
2025. |  | 
Geology |  |  | • Deposit type, geological setting and style of
mineralisation. |  |  | • The geology of the Drake East Project is
affected by the New England Orogen,
comprising Carboniferous and Triassic
aged sediments, and Permian-aged
granites. The Sb (Au-As) mineralisation
in vein type associated with near-vertical
structures.
• Spur South Project is affected by the
Lachlan Fold Belt, comprising Ordovician
and Triassic aged mixed sediments and
volcanics.
• The geology of the Neardie Project is
primarily that of Duckinwilla Group
feldspathic labile and sub-labile to
quartzose sandstone, siltstone, shale,
coal, ferruginous oolite marker
sediments of late Triassic age, locally
affected by intrusive Triassic granites.
The Sb (Au-As) mineralisation in vein
type associated with near-vertical
structures. |  | 
Drillhole
Information |  |  | • A summary of all information material to
the understanding of the exploration results
including a tabulation of the following
information for all Material drillholes:
o easting and northing of the drillhole
collar |  |  | • No drillhole results are reported in this
announcement. |  | 

10 March 2025
Criteria JORC Code explanation Commentary
o elevation or RL (Reduced Level –
elevation above sea level in metres) of
the drillhole collar
o dip and azimuth of the hole
o down hole length and interception depth
o hole length.
• If the exclusion of this information is
justified on the basis that the information is
not Material and this exclusion does not
detract from the understanding of the
report, the Competent Person should clearly
explain why this is the case.
Data aggregation • In reporting Exploration Results, weighting • No weighting averaging techniques were
methods averaging techniques, maximum and/or used in this announcement.
minimum grade truncations (eg cutting of • No aggregate intercepts were used in this
high grades) and cut-off grades are usually announcement.
Material and should be stated. • No metal equivalent values were used in
• Where aggregate intercepts incorporate this announcement.
short lengths of high-grade results and
longer lengths of low grade results, the
procedure used for such aggregation should
be stated and some typical examples of such
aggregations should be shown in detail.
• The assumptions used for any reporting of
metal equivalent values should be clearly
stated.
Relationship • These relationships are particularly • In this announcement several historic
between important in the reporting of Exploration underground rock chip channel sample
mineralisation Results. results were referred to. Based on the
• If the geometry of the mineralisation with available data, it is the author’s opinion
widths and
respect to the drillhole angle is known, its that the interval (provided in the original
intercept lengths
nature should be reported. documents in imperial units) are
• If it is not known and only the down hole perpendicular to the mineralised veins.
lengths are reported, there should be a clear No comment has been provided that
statement to this effect (eg ‘down hole qualifies or quantifies the vein widths.
length, true width not known’).
Diagrams • Appropriate maps and sections (with scales) • All data points (historic tenements [NSW,
and tabulations of intercepts should be QLD]), mines and prospects, sample
included for any significant discovery being locations) were derived from Geological
reported These should include, but not be Survey online resource data portals.
limited to a plan view of drillhole collar Digitised files are created from original
locations and appropriate sectional views. hard copy documents. Where possible
and appropriate to do so, the author has
including copies of original plans to show
locations of material sites.
Balanced • Where comprehensive reporting of all • The author of this announcement
reporting Exploration Results is not practicable, considers the announcement to be fair
representative reporting of both low and and balanced, with additional care and
high grades and/or widths should be caution noted in the body of the
practiced to avoid misleading reporting of announcement regarding the historic
Exploration Results. nature of the results.
21

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | JORC Code explanation |  |  | Commentary | 
 |  |  | o elevation or RL (Reduced Level –
elevation above sea level in metres) of
the drillhole collar
o dip and azimuth of the hole
o down hole length and interception depth
o hole length.
• If the exclusion of this information is
justified on the basis that the information is
not Material and this exclusion does not
detract from the understanding of the
report, the Competent Person should clearly
explain why this is the case. |  |  |  |  | 
Data aggregation
methods |  |  | • In reporting Exploration Results, weighting
averaging techniques, maximum and/or
minimum grade truncations (eg cutting of
high grades) and cut-off grades are usually
Material and should be stated.
• Where aggregate intercepts incorporate
short lengths of high-grade results and
longer lengths of low grade results, the
procedure used for such aggregation should
be stated and some typical examples of such
aggregations should be shown in detail.
• The assumptions used for any reporting of
metal equivalent values should be clearly
stated. |  |  | • No weighting averaging techniques were
used in this announcement.
• No aggregate intercepts were used in this
announcement.
• No metal equivalent values were used in
this announcement. |  | 
Relationship
between
mineralisation
widths and
intercept lengths |  |  | • These relationships are particularly
important in the reporting of Exploration
Results.
• If the geometry of the mineralisation with
respect to the drillhole angle is known, its
nature should be reported.
• If it is not known and only the down hole
lengths are reported, there should be a clear
statement to this effect (eg ‘down hole
length, true width not known’). |  |  | • In this announcement several historic
underground rock chip channel sample
results were referred to. Based on the
available data, it is the author’s opinion
that the interval (provided in the original
documents in imperial units) are
perpendicular to the mineralised veins.
No comment has been provided that
qualifies or quantifies the vein widths. |  | 
Diagrams |  |  | • Appropriate maps and sections (with scales)
and tabulations of intercepts should be
included for any significant discovery being
reported These should include, but not be
limited to a plan view of drillhole collar
locations and appropriate sectional views. |  |  | • All data points (historic tenements [NSW,
QLD]), mines and prospects, sample
locations) were derived from Geological
Survey online resource data portals.
Digitised files are created from original
hard copy documents. Where possible
and appropriate to do so, the author has
including copies of original plans to show
locations of material sites. |  | 
Balanced
reporting |  |  | • Where comprehensive reporting of all
Exploration Results is not practicable,
representative reporting of both low and
high grades and/or widths should be
practiced to avoid misleading reporting of
Exploration Results. |  |  | • The author of this announcement
considers the announcement to be fair
and balanced, with additional care and
caution noted in the body of the
announcement regarding the historic
nature of the results. |  | 

10 March 2025
Criteria JORC Code explanation Commentary
Other substantive • Other exploration data, if meaningful and • Notwithstanding the fact that the
exploration data material, should be reported including (but exploration results contained in this
not limited to): geological observations; announcement are of a historic nature,
geophysical survey results; geochemical with respect to the contents of this
survey results; bulk samples – size and announcement, no additional information
method of treatment; metallurgical test was deemed necessary.
results; bulk density, groundwater, • A more detailed review of the historic
geotechnical and rock characteristics; data and a ground truthing program is
potential deleterious or contaminating recommended.
substances.
Further work • The nature and scale of planned further • By virtue of the fact that that the
work (eg tests for lateral extensions or exploration results contained in this
depth extensions or large-scale step-out announcement are of a historic nature;
drilling). and that the Company has newly acquired
• Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of these projects, a full reconnaissance
possible extensions, including the main program to follow continued historic data
geological interpretations and future review is planned by the company.
drilling areas, provided this information is
not commercially sensitive.
22

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | JORC Code explanation |  |  | Commentary | 
Other substantive
exploration data |  |  | • Other exploration data, if meaningful and
material, should be reported including (but
not limited to): geological observations;
geophysical survey results; geochemical
survey results; bulk samples – size and
method of treatment; metallurgical test
results; bulk density, groundwater,
geotechnical and rock characteristics;
potential deleterious or contaminating
substances. |  |  | • Notwithstanding the fact that the
exploration results contained in this
announcement are of a historic nature,
with respect to the contents of this
announcement, no additional information
was deemed necessary.
• A more detailed review of the historic
data and a ground truthing program is
recommended. |  | 
Further work |  |  | • The nature and scale of planned further
work (eg tests for lateral extensions or
depth extensions or large-scale step-out
drilling).
• Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of
possible extensions, including the main
geological interpretations and future
drilling areas, provided this information is
not commercially sensitive. |  |  | • By virtue of the fact that that the
exploration results contained in this
announcement are of a historic nature;
and that the Company has newly acquired
these projects, a full reconnaissance
program to follow continued historic data
review is planned by the company. |  | 

