 
 
Ordell Minerals Limited (ASX: ORD) 
ASX Announcement 11 February 2025 
 
ACN 662 908 938 
Unit 4 Level 3, 1292 Hay Street 
West Perth WA 6005 
 
info@ordellminerals.com.au 
www.ordellminerals.com.au 
T+61 8 6182 4069 
 
Ordell Consolidates Land Holding Around Goodia 
Project in Western Australia 
 
Ordell Minerals Limited (ASX:ORD) (“Ordell” or “the Company”) is pleased to announce the acquisition and 
consolidation of tenements adjacent to the Goodia Project (Figure 1) near Norseman in Western Australia.  
The expanded Goodia Project represents an early-stage gold and lithium exploration opportunity in the 
Kalgoorlie-Norseman district. 
The new tenements cover some 16 strike kilometres of Archaean greenstone rocks. Together with the Goodia 
tenements (~180km2 combined), this gives Ordell over 30 strike kilometres of prospective potential 
greenstone to evaluate and explore.  The expanded Goodia Project is considered underexplored for gold. 
Proposed work to be completed in 2025 includes: 
o 
Capturing all historical data into Ordell’s Goodia Project geological and GIS databases; 
o 
Evaluating previous gold, lithium and nickel exploration work undertaken; 
o 
Field verification of surface geochemical anomalism to validate targets and assess the 
regolith conditions; 
o 
Undertaking infill and extensional surface geochemical sampling where warranted; and 
o 
Conducting reconnaissance aircore (AC) drilling to test geochemical anomalies generated 
from soil sampling. 
Ordell Minerals will issue Shares to the value of $40,000 to Greatland Gold Plc (LSE:GGP) (or its nominee) at 
a deemed issue price of $0.32 per Share to acquire E63/1953, which includes the provision of all exploration 
data and the assignment of a Heritage Agreement.   
This announcement is approved for release by Michael Fowler, Managing Director for Ordell Minerals Limited. 
For more information, visit: www.ordellminerals.com.au or please contact: 
Investors: 
Michael Fowler 
Managing Director 
Ordell Minerals Limited 
E: info@ordellminerals.com.au 
Media:  
Nicholas Read/Kate Bell 
Read Corporate 
Phone: (08) 9388 1474 
E: nicholas@readcorporate.com.au 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
 
 
Figure 1. Location of expanded Goodia Project. 
. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
Background 
The Company’s flagship Barimaia Gold Project, located in the Murchison region of Western Australia, 
represents an advanced exploration project with significant historical drilling results. 
Ordell acquired its 80.3% interest in Barimaia from Genesis Minerals Limited (ASX: GMD), which is now a 
major shareholder of Ordell with an 8% shareholding. Barimaia was never systematically explored due to 
Genesis’ strategic focus on its assets in the Leonora region. 
Barimaia is located in a Tier-1 mining jurisdiction in close proximity to several gold processing plants, lying 
adjacent to Ramelius Resources’ Mt Magnet mill, 70km from Spartan Resources’ Dalgaranga mill and 80km 
from Westgold Resources’ Tuckabianna mill. 
Previous exploration by Genesis identified an extensive gold system at Barimaia, with historical and recent 
drilling highlighting shallow open pit potential. 
 
Figure 2. Project locations. 
ENDS 
Competent Person’s Statement 
The information in this report that relates to Exploration Results is based on information compiled by Mr Michael Fowler, 
a Competent Person who is Member of the AusIMM. Michael is a Director and a shareholder of Ordell. He has sufficient 
experience, which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity 
which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 edition of the JORC Code. Michael 
consents to the inclusion in the Report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it 
appears. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4 
 
JORC Table 1 Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Certified Person Commentary 
Sampling 
techniques 
Nature and quality of sampling (eg cut 
channels, random chips, or specific 
specialised 
industry 
standard 
measurement tools appropriate to the 
minerals under investigation, such as 
down hole gamma sondes, or handheld 
XRF instruments, etc). These examples 
should not be taken as limiting the broad 
meaning of sampling. 
Sampling by previous companies was undertaken using standard industry 
practices at the time of activity for surface geochemical sampling and 
drilling. 
Include reference to measures taken to 
ensure sample representivity and the 
appropriate 
calibration 
of 
any 
measurement tools or systems used. 
All co-ordinates are in UTM grid (GDA94 Z51). 
Aspects 
of 
the 
determination 
of 
mineralisation that are Material to the 
Public Report. In cases where ‘industry 
standard’ work has been done this would 
be 
relatively 
simple 
(eg 
‘reverse 
circulation drilling was used to obtain 1 m 
samples from which 3 kg was pulverised to 
produce a 30 g charge for fire assay’). In 
other cases more explanation may be 
required, such as where there is coarse 
gold that has inherent sampling problems. 
Unusual commodities or mineralisation 
types (eg submarine nodules) may warrant 
disclosure of detailed information. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
Surface geochemical samples (508 samples) were collected by digging a 20 
to 30cm hole and a 300 to 500g sample collected through a -2mm sieve.   
Rotary Air Blast (RAB) samples (12 RAB holes ~200m) were collected 
through a cyclone at 1m intervals down hole and laid out on the ground 
adjacent to the hole collar.  Samples were collected for analysis were 
composited over 4 m intervals for the entire hole.  A scoop was used to 
collect composite sample of 2 to 3kg in calico bags and the samples were 
submitted to Kalgoorlie Assay Laboratories for Au analysis by aqua regia 
with AAS finish. 
Pangaea Metals Ltd 
Auger drilling was used to collect geochemical samples.  The auger drill was 
mounted on the back of a 4-wheel drive utility. The sample was collected 
from regolith at a depth of about 0.5m. Approximately 250g of sample was 
sieved to remove coarse material. Auger samples were assayed by 
Genalysis Laboratories, Maddington, WA after single stage mix and grind 
total pulverisation to 80% passing 75 microns. Genalysis’ B/ETA method 
was used (aqua regia digest, graphite furnace atomic absorption 
spectrometer finish). 
Drilling 
techniques 
Drill type (eg core, reverse circulation, 
open-hole hammer, rotary air blast, auger, 
Bangka, sonic, etc) and details (eg core 
diameter, triple or standard tube, depth of 
diamond tails, face-sampling bit or other 
type, whether core is oriented and if so, by 
what method, etc). 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
RAB drilling was used to sample the saprolite.  Not all holes went to blade 
refusal. 
Drill sample 
recovery 
Method of recording and assessing core 
and chip sample recoveries and results 
assessed. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
Sample recoveries were not recorded on handwritten drill logs. 
Measures taken to maximise sample 
recovery and ensure representative nature 
of the samples. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
Sample recoveries were not recorded on handwritten drill logs. 
Whether a relationship exists between 
sample recovery and grade and whether 
sample bias may have occurred due to 
preferential 
loss/gain 
of 
fine/coarse 
material. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
No relationship exists.  
Logging 
Whether core and chip samples have been 
geologically and geotechnically logged to 
a level of detail to support appropriate 
Mineral Resource estimation, mining 
studies and metallurgical studies. 
RAB sampling is not considered suitable to support a Mineral Resource 
estimation. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 
 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Certified Person Commentary 
Whether 
logging 
is 
qualitative 
or 
quantitative in nature. Core (or costean, 
channel, etc) photography. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
Logging was both quantitative and qualitative. 
The total length and percentage of the 
relevant intersections logged. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
Not applicable. 
Sub-sampling 
techniques and 
sample 
preparation 
If core, whether cut or sawn and whether 
quarter, half or all core taken. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
No core was drilled or sampled. 
If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled, 
rotary split, etc and whether sampled wet 
or dry. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
RAB holes were sampled at 1m intervals collected via a cyclone. 
For all sample types, the nature, quality 
and appropriateness of the sample 
preparation technique. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
RAB samples were analysed samples were submitted to Kalgoorlie Assay 
Laboratories for Au analysis by aqua regia with AAS finish. 
Quality control procedures adopted for all 
sub-sampling 
stages 
to 
maximise 
representivity of samples. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
QAQC controls were not reported.  
Measures taken to ensure that the 
sampling is representative of the in situ 
material collected, including for instance 
results for field duplicate/second-half 
sampling. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
QAQC controls were not documented. 
Whether sample sizes are appropriate to 
the grain size of the material being 
sampled. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
Sample sizes are considered to be appropriate to correctly represent the 
style of potential mineralisation. 
Quality of assay 
data and 
laboratory tests 
The nature, quality and appropriateness of 
the assaying and laboratory procedures 
used and whether the technique is 
considered partial or total. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
The analytical techniques used was a partial digest technique and may not 
allow total dissolution of gold. 
For geophysical tools, spectrometers, 
handheld XRF instruments, etc, the 
parameters used in determining the 
analysis including instrument make and 
model, reading times, calibrations factors 
applied and their derivation, etc. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
No geophysical tools were used. 
Nature of quality control procedures 
adopted 
(eg 
standards, 
blanks, 
duplicates, external laboratory checks) 
and 
whether 
acceptable 
levels 
of 
accuracy (ie lack of bias) and precision 
have been established. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
QAQC controls were not documented. 
Verification of 
sampling and 
assaying 
The verification of significant intersections 
by either independent or alternative 
company personnel. 
No significant intersections reported 
The use of twinned holes. 
No twinned holes were completed.   
Documentation of primary data, data entry 
procedures, data verification, data storage 
(physical and electronic) protocols. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
No documentation of protocols was reported. 
Discuss any adjustment to assay data. 
No adjustments have been made to assay data. 
Location of data 
points 
Accuracy and quality of surveys used to 
locate drill holes (collar and down-hole 
surveys), trenches, mine workings and 
other locations used in Mineral Resource 
estimation. 
All historic location data was recorded in AMG coordinates.  See figure. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
6 
 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Certified Person Commentary 
 
Specification of the grid system used. 
MGA Zone51 GDA. 
Quality and adequacy of topographic 
control. 
Topographic control is considered adequate for the stage of development. 
Data spacing 
and distribution 
Data spacing for reporting of Exploration 
Results. 
Only one line of RAB drilling was completed. 
Whether the data spacing and distribution 
is sufficient to establish the degree of 
geological 
and 
grade 
continuity 
appropriate for the Mineral Resource and 
Ore Reserve estimation procedure(s) and 
classifications applied. 
The current data spacing is not sufficient to confirm both geological and 
grade continuity to support the definition of Mineral Resource, and the 
classifications applied under the 2012 JORC Code. 
Whether sample compositing has been 
applied. 
No compositing has been applied. 
Orientation of 
data in relation 
to geological 
structure 
Whether the orientation of sampling 
achieves unbiased sampling of possible 
structures and the extent to which this is 
known, considering the deposit type. 
No orientation-based sampling was completed. 
If the relationship between the drilling 
orientation and the orientation of key 
mineralised structures is considered to 
have introduced a sampling bias, this 
should be assessed and reported if 
material. 
No orientation-based sampling bias is known at this time. 
Sample security 
The measures taken to ensure sample 
security. 
Resolute Limited (1998) 
The measures to ensure sample security are unknow. 
Audits or 
reviews 
The results of any audits or reviews of 
sampling techniques and data. 
No audits or reviews of sampling techniques and data were completed. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
7 
 
JORC Table 1 Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Certified Person Commentary 
Mineral 
tenement and 
land tenure 
status 
Type, reference name/number, location 
and ownership including agreements or 
material issues with third parties such as 
joint ventures, partnerships, overriding 
royalties, native title interests, historical 
sites, wilderness or national park and 
environmental settings. 
The tenement is E63/1953. 
Ordell Minerals Limited is the legal and beneficial owner of 100% of the 
share capital in Ricochet Romance Pty Ltd (Ricochet) the holder of the 
tenement. 
 
The security of the tenure held at the time 
of reporting along with any known 
impediments to obtaining a licence to 
operate in the area. 
The tenement is in good standing.   
Exploration 
done by other 
parties 
Acknowledgment 
and 
appraisal 
of 
exploration by other parties. 
Limited modern day gold exploration had been carried out within the 
tenement area.   
Resolute Limited carried out surface geochemical sampling and a very 
small RAB program in 1998. 
Pangea Metals Ltd carried out auger sampling in 2007. 
Geology 
Deposit type, geological setting and style 
of mineralisation. 
The tenement covers 16.5km of strike of greenstone belt sandwiched 
between batholithic external granitoids to the west, and the internal Goodia 
Granite body to the east. The greenstone ranges in apparent width between 
600m and 3500m. 
The greenstone sequence comprises fragments of an ultramafic package 
hosted in mafic and felsic volcanics and sediments (at least along the 
eastern margin). Outcrop is limited, and the lithology is based on logged 
drilling. There is very little magnetic character within the greenstone, other 
than the ultramafic body located in the south east of the Project. 
The regolith has not been assessed in detail. The tenement follows a 
topographic high (i.e., striking NNW-SSE), falling away to the north east and 
south west, with a drainage system running down the western edge of the 
tenement. The high is truncated by a NE-SW trending ridge across the 
bottom of the tenement. A brief look at the Ternary radiometrics (collected 
as part of the detailed magnetic dataset) suggests some lateritic cap is 
preserved locally on the flanks of the ridge, shedding scree down the flanks 
into sheetwash and alluvium. The peak of the ridge is probably residual but 
has radiometric character very similar to some of the sheetwash. There are 
several small areas of subcrop or residual soils located along the NE 
trending ridge in the southern end of the tenement block. 
Drill hole 
Information 
A summary of all information material to 
the understanding of the exploration 
results including a tabulation of the 
following information for all Material drill 
holes: 
o 
easting and northing of the drill 
hole collar 
o 
elevation or RL (Reduced Level – 
elevation above sea level in 
metres) of the drill hole collar 
o 
dip and azimuth of the hole 
o 
down hole length and interception 
depth 
o 
hole length. 
There are no material drill results. 
If the exclusion of this information is 
justified on the basis that the information 
is not Material and this exclusion does not 
detract from the understanding of the 
report, the Competent Person should 
clearly explain why this is the case. 
There are no significant results to report. 
In reporting Exploration Results, weighting 
averaging techniques, maximum and/or 
No top cuts were applied. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
8 
 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Certified Person Commentary 
Data 
aggregation 
methods 
minimum grade truncations (eg cutting of 
high grades) and cut-off grades are usually 
Material and should be stated 
Where aggregate intercepts incorporate 
short lengths of high grade results and 
longer lengths of low grade results, the 
procedure used for such aggregation 
should be stated and some typical 
examples of such aggregations should be 
shown in detail. 
No intercepts are reported. 
The assumptions used for any reporting of 
metal equivalent values should be clearly 
stated. 
No metal equivalent values are currently used for reporting of exploration 
results 
Relationship 
between 
mineralisation 
widths and 
intercept 
lengths 
These 
relationships 
are 
particularly 
important in the reporting of Exploration 
Results. 
If the geometry of the mineralisation with 
respect to the drill hole angle is known, its 
nature should be reported. 
If it is not known and only the down hole 
lengths are reported, there should be a 
clear statement to this effect (eg ‘down 
hole length, true width not known’). 
No relationship between mineralisation widths and intercept lengths can be 
interpreted due to no drilling having been completed, 
Diagrams 
Appropriate maps and sections (with 
scales) and tabulations of intercepts 
should be included for any significant 
discovery being reported These should 
include, but not be limited to a plan view of 
drill hole collar locations and appropriate 
sectional views. 
Appropriate plan is included in this report. 
Balanced 
reporting 
Where comprehensive reporting of all 
Exploration Results is not practicable, 
representative reporting of both low and 
high grades and/or widths should be 
practiced to avoid misleading reporting of 
Exploration Results. 
Limited drilling has been completed. 
Other 
substantive 
exploration 
data 
Other exploration data, if meaningful and 
material, should be reported including 
(but 
not 
limited 
to): 
geological 
observations; geophysical survey results; 
geochemical survey results; bulk samples 
– 
size 
and 
method 
of 
treatment; 
metallurgical test results; bulk density, 
groundwater, 
geotechnical and 
rock 
characteristics; potential deleterious or 
contaminating substances. 
No meaningful data collected at this early stage of exploration. 
Further work 
The nature and scale of planned further 
work (eg tests for lateral extensions or 
depth extensions or large-scale step-out 
drilling). 
Further work will include systematic infill and extensional geochemical 
sampling and first pass drilling. 
Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of 
possible extensions, including the main 
geological interpretations and future 
drilling areas, provided this information is 
not commercially sensitive. 
An appropriate plan is included in this report. 
 
