 
Error! Unknown document property name. 
Sale of Broken Hill East Project 
to Impact Minerals  
ASX RELEASE  I  10 MARCH 2025 
ASX: NFM 
ASX:NFM        New Frontier Minerals Limited 
45 Ventnor Avenue, West Perth, Western Australia 6000 
 
 
 
www.newfrontierminerals.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 NFM has entered into an agreement to sell its wholly owned subsidiary BHA No. 1 Pty Ltd 
(“BHA”), holding the Broken Hill East Project, to ASX-listed Impact Minerals Limited (“IPT”)  
 Under the terms of the agreement, in consideration for NFM transferring all of the shares in 
BHA to IPT, NFM will receive $275,000 worth of IPT shares based on a 14-day VWAP of $0.0073 
per share as at 7 March 2025, which IPT shares are subject to voluntary escrow arrangements 
for up to 6 months  
 Completion of the agreement, and the sale of BHA, is expected to occur on or around Monday, 
10 March 2025 
 This is the third, value creating, divestment of a non-core asset in recent months that has 
enabled NFM to fund development work on its core Harts Range and NWQ Copper Projects 
 The Board intends to hold the remaining non-core asset – Mkushi Copper Project in Zambia – 
until the right development partner is secured   
 
 
New Frontier Minerals Ltd (“New Frontier”, or “the Company”) (ASX: NFM) is pleased to announce it has 
agreed to sell all of the shares in its wholly owned subsidiary, BHA No. 1 Pty Ltd (BHA) to Impact Minerals 
Limited (ASX: IPT) (IPT). BHA holds the non-core Broken Hill East Project. In exchange for all of the shares in 
BHA, IPT will issue to NFM $275,000 worth of new IPT shares based on the 14-day VWAP of $0.0073 as at 7 
March 2025. NFM has agreed to enter into voluntary escrow arrangements with IPT for the IPT shares, 
pursuant to which, one-sixth of the shares will be released each month from escrow over a 6 month period. 
In addition, IPT will assume responsibility for a 2% net smelter return royalty payable with respect to 
tenements held by BHA.    
NEW FRONTIER CHAIRMAN GED HALL COMMENTED:  
“Staying the course with our strategy to be patient and ﬁnd the right development partner for the non-core 
asset portfolio has paid dividends again. This is the third non-core asset to be sold in the past 18 months 
which leaves the divestment of the Mkushi Copper Project as the ﬁnal target. Pleasingly, the value generated 
by these non-core asset sales is being redeployed, as it materialises, to progress development work on our 
core Harts Range and NWQ Copper Projects.” 
 
 
  
Error! Unknown document property name. 
 
 
newfrontierminerals.com  
ASX: NFM 
ASX:NFM        New Frontier Minerals Limited 
45 Ventnor Avenue, West Perth, Western Australia 6000 
 
 
 
www.newfrontierminerals.com 
 
SUCCESSFUL NON-CORE ASSET PORTFOLIO OPTIMISATION  
Divesting the Broken Hill East Project is the third non-core asset which NFM has successfully closed in the 
past 18-months. The strategy to wait for the right development partner has been key to ensuring maximum 
value creation from the non-core asset portfolio.  
As a result, NFM have been able to redeploy funds and management time into advancing the core Harts 
Range and NWQ Copper Projects.  
The Board is optimistic, with ongoing consolidation across the global copper sector, a development partner 
can be found for Mkushi Copper Project in Zambia which is the last remaining non-core asset.    
The Mkushi Project in Zambia ringfences an operating copper mine, with IP surveys having highlighted 
multiple zones of high chargeability coincident with known copper soil anomalies, which are potential 
targets for disseminated copper sulphide mineralisation.  
 
-END- 
This announcement was approved for release by the Board of New Frontier Minerals Limited. 
 
For further information please contact 
 
 
REFERENCES 
1) 
NFM ASX Release – 5 April 2022 
 
 
About New Frontier Minerals 
New Frontier Minerals Limited is an Australian-based focussed explorer, with a strategy to develop multi-commodity 
assets that demonstrate future potential as an economic mining operation. Through the application of disciplined and 
structured exploration, New Frontier has identiﬁed assets deemed core and is actively progressing these interests up 
the value curve. Current focus will be on advancing exploration activity at the Harts Range Niobium, Uranium and Heavy 
Rare Earths Project which is circa 120km north-east from Alice Springs in the Northern Territory.  
Other interests include the NWQ Copper Project, situated in the copper-belt district circa 150km north of Mt Isa in 
Queensland and the Broken Hill Project in western New South Wales.  
New Frontier Minerals is listed on the LSE and ASX under the ticker “NFM”. 
 
 
 
COMPANY 
Dale Hanna 
Company Secretary 
E.    d.hanna@newfrontierminerals.com 
 
MEDIA & INVESTOR RELATIONS 
Melissa Tempra 
 
E.    melissa@nwrcommunications.com.au 
 
