ASX Announcement
By eLodgement
7 November 2024
Mining lease granted over Mason Bay
deposit at Springdale
International Graphite Limited (ASX: IG6) confirms mining lease M47/0253 has been granted by the
Department of Energy, Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety.
The mining lease covers the Mason Bay deposit at the 100% owned Springdale Graphite Project near
Ravensthorpe and Hopetoun on the south coast of Western Australia.
Mining lease application M47/0252 which covers the Springdale Central deposits is pending.
Figure 1: Location of the new mining lease
Granting of the mining leases is an important part of the permitting process for Springdale. Flora and fauna
assessment and mapping has been completed with surveys confirming the project area is already cleared
for agriculture and proposed mining activities would have little impact on natural vegetation or wildlife.
A LiDAR drone survey was completed in quarter three this year and will will be used to assist hydrology
assessment including drilling planned for early 2025.
This announcement has been authorised for release by the Board of International Graphite Limited.
Andrew Worland
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer
For more information please contact:
Robert Hodby Marie Howarth
CFO/Company Secretary Media and Communication
rhodby@ig6.com.au mhowarth@ig6.com.au
p.1

About International Graphite
International Graphite is an emerging supplier of processed graphite products, including active anode materials for lithium-
ion batteries in electric vehicles, defence applications and global energy transformation. The Company is developing a
mine-to-market capability, with mining and graphite concentrate production from its 100% owned Springdale Graphite
Project, and downstream processing at Collie, both in Western Australia. The Company is building on Australia’s
reputation for technical excellence and outstanding ESG performance to provide secure and reliable graphite supply for
growing markets in the US, Europe and Asia. Collie operations are certified to ISO9001:2015. International Graphite is
listed on the Australian Securities Exchange (ASX: IG6) and Tradegate and Frankfurt Stock Exchange (FWB: H99, WKN:
A3DJY5) and is a member of the European Battery Alliance (EBA250) and European Raw Minerals Alliance (ERMA).
www.internationalgraphite.com.au
p.2

