04 February 2025
Accelerated issue of shares under amendment to the
Option Agreement for Divestment of the Hendeka
Manganese Project, WA
Trek Metals Limited (ASX: TKM) (“Trek” or “the Company”) advises that it has entered into an
amendment letter to the option and acquisition agreement (“Option and Acquisition Agreement”)
executed with US-based Advanced Energy Fuels, Inc. (“AEFI”) over Trek’s Hendeka Manganese Project
in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
The Option and Acquisition Agreement gives AEFI an option to acquire the Hendeka Project as part of
a proposed North American listing and by making certain payments and sole funding A$2 million of
exploration and development expenditures. AEFI is a private US company leveraging the transition to
clean energy through the development of critical minerals projects in Australia and the USA.
The parties have agreed to amend the terms of the Option and Acquisition Agreement whereby AEFI
will issue 2,000,000 shares from the Option consideration upfront to Trek and, in return, receive a 12-
month extension to the proposed US listing date for AEFI to 30 September 2026.
For full details of the Option and acquisition agreement, refer to Trek’s ASX Release dated 10
September 2024 or access directly via the following link to our Investor Hub:
https://trekmetals.com.au/announcements/6521212.
Trek’s CEO Derek Marshall said: “The team at AEFI have been busy advancing Trek’s Hendeka
manganese asset in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
“This amendment is structured in a way that will give Trek an upfront interest in AEFI with significant
exposure to future upside from the exploration and development of Hendeka via a proposed 20 per
cent shareholding upon successful listing in North America.
“Trek looks forward to updating the market on the numerous initiatives that AEFI are currently working
on. The outlook for manganese sulphate to power the electric revolution is strong and AEFI are
positioning themselves to deliver straight into the US market with domestic production utilising
Australian manganese from Hendeka.”
Authorised for release by the Board.
JOIN TKM’S INTERACTIVE INVESTOR HUB
https://investorhub.trekmetals.com.au/welcome
Interact with Trek Metal’s announcements and updates by asking
questions and comments which our team can respond to where
possible
1

ENDS
For further information contact:
INVESTORS: MEDIA:
Derek Marshall Nicholas Read
dmarshall@trekmetals.com.au info@trekmetals.com.au 0419 929 046
DISCLAIMERS AND FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This announcement contains forward looking statements. Forward looking statements are often, but not always,
identified A words such as "seek", “target”, "anticipate", “forecast”, "believe", "plan", "estimate", "expect" and
"intend" and statements that an event or result "may", "will", "should", "could" or "might" occur or be achieved
and other similar expressions.
The forward-looking statements in this announcement are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts
and projections about Trek and the industry in which it operates. They do, however, relate to future matters
and are subject to various inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results may differ materially from
the events or results expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. The past performance of Trek is
no guarantee of future performance.
None of Trek’s directors, officers, employees, agents or contractors makes any representation or warranty
(either express or implied) as to the accuracy or likelihood of fulfilment of any forward-looking statement, or
any events or results expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement, except to the extent required by
law. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking
statements in this announcement reflect views held only as at the date of this announcement
2

