10 September 2024
Trek Signs Option Agreement to Divest the Hendeka
Manganese Project in WA’s Pilbara to Advanced Energy
Fuels, Inc.
Transaction will allow Trek to focus on its flagship gold and niobium projects in WA
and the NT, while retaining exposure to future upside at Hendeka
Highlights
• Trek has signed a Binding Option and Acquisition Agreement with Advanced Energy
Fuels, Inc. (“AEFI”) to explore and develop Trek’s Hendeka Manganese Project
(“Hendeka Project”) in the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
• AEFI may exercise the option to acquire the Hendeka Project by paying A$450,000 in
cash as part of a proposed US listing and i ssuing to Trek 8,000,000 in shares in AEFI or
that number of AEFI Shares which represents, at the listing of AEFI, not less than 20%.
• As part of the option, AEFI will spend A$2 million on advancing the Hendeka Project and
may elect to exercise the option by 30 September 2027.
• This is consistent with Trek’s strategic focus on its high-priority Christmas Creek Gold
Project in the Kimberley region of WA and its McEwen Hills Niobium Project, located
along strike from WA1’s world-class Luni discovery.
Trek Metals Limited (ASX: TKM) (“Trek” or “the Company”) is pleased to advise that it has entered into
an option and acquisition agreement (“Option and Acquisition Agreement”) with US-based Advanced
Energy Fuels, Inc. (“AEFI”) over Trek’s non-core Hendeka Manganese Project in the Pilbara region of
Western Australia.
The Option and Acquisition Agreement gives AEFI an option to acquire the Hendeka Project as part of
a proposed US listing and by making certain payments and sole funding A$2 million of exploration
expenditure. The material terms and conditions of the Option and Acquisition Agreement are set out
further below.
AEFI is a private US company leveraging the transition to clean energy through the development of
critical minerals projects in Australia and the USA. The company is focused on US battery supply chains
and is planning to list within the next 12 months.
Trek’s CEO Derek Marshall said: “The Hendeka Project offers significant optionality on the resurgence
of the manganese sector following recent well-publicised global supply issues. However, it is a non-
core project for Trek given our strategic focus on the Christmas Creek Project, where we have a major
gold drilling program underway, and our exciting McEwen Hills Niobium Project.
1

“The deal is structured in a way that will give Trek significant exposure to future upside from the
exploration and development of Hendeka via a 20 per cent shareholding.
“We are excited about our current drilling program at the Christmas Creek project, which is thought to
host a potential extension of the prolific Granites-Tanami Orogen, with metasediments in the area
showing a correlation to the geological sequences that host Newmont’s globally significant Tanami
Gold Mine. Newmont generated numerous high priority targets that we are following up, both via
additional surface geochemistry and drilling.”
Material Terms of the Option and Acquisition Agreement include:
• AEFI to pay an option fee of A$50,000 for an exclusive option to acquire the Hendeka Project
(“Option”) ($25,000 received to date).
• If AEFI exercise the Option, it will acquire Trek subsidiaries Edge Minerals Pty Ltd and Bellpiper
Pty Ltd that hold the tenements that make up the Hendeka Project.
• AEFI can exercise the Option anytime up until 30 September 2027. (“Option Period”) subject to
meeting the payments and exploration expenditure set out below.
• AEFI to pay A$450,000 on the proposed listing of AEFI on or before 30 September 2025.
• Upon listing, AEFI to issue 8,000,000 Shares or that number of AEFI Shares which represents, on
the listing of AEFI, not less than 20% of the total issued capital of AEFI on a fully-diluted basis
up to a maximum value of A$4,000,000.
• As part of the Option, AEFI to also spend at least A$2,000,000 on the Hendeka Project, including
meeting minimum expenditures to maintain the tenements in good standing. AEFI shall also be
the operator of the Hendeka Project for the duration of the Option Period.
• Pursuant to a separate investor rights agreement signed on the date of the Option and
Acquisition Agreement, Trek has the right but not the obligation to appoint one Director to AEFI
as well as customary participation and information rights in AEFI.
• The Hendeka Project covers tenements – E46/616, E46/787, E46/835, E46/1159, E46/1160,
E46/1282, E46/1304, E46/1387, E46/1521, E46/1542 & R46/2.
• The Option and Acquisition Agreement contains other customary terms for an agreement of
this nature including representations and warranties and termination rights.
Authorised by the Board.
JOIN TKM’S INTERACTIVE INVESTOR HUB
https://investorhub.trekmetals.com.au/welcome
Interact with Trek Metal’s announcements and updates by asking
questions and comments which our team can respond to where
possible
2

ENDS
For further information contact:
INVESTORS: MEDIA:
Derek Marshall Nicholas Read
dmarshall@trekmetals.com.au info@trekmetals.com.au 0419 929 046
DISCLAIMERS AND FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
This announcement contains forward looking statements. Forward looking statements are often, but not always,
identified A words such as "seek", “target”, "anticipate", “forecast”, "believe", "plan", "estimate", "expect" and
"intend" and statements that an event or result "may", "will", "should", "could" or "might" occur or be achieved
and other similar expressions.
The forward-looking statements in this announcement are based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts
and projections about Trek and the industry in which it operates. They do, however, relate to future matters
and are subject to various inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results may differ materially from
the events or results expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. The past performance of Trek is
no guarantee of future performance.
None of Trek’s directors, officers, employees, agents or contractors makes any representation or warranty
(either express or implied) as to the accuracy or likelihood of fulfilment of any forward-looking statement, or
any events or results expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement, except to the extent required by
law. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking
statements in this announcement reflect views held only as at the date of this announcement
3

