9th December 2024
ASX Release | ASX: REC
rechargemetals.com.au
Completion of Advanced High-Grade
Carter Uranium Project Acquisition
Recharge Metals Limited (ASX: REC) (Recharge or the Company) is pleased to
confirm that it has completed the acquisition of the Carter Uranium Project and
a A$2.52 million share placement to advance exploration activities at Carter.
The Carter Uranium Project is located on the northern outer rim of the prolific
Powder River Basin in the USA and is host to significant historic uranium resources.
The Project is within 250 kilometres of six (6) permitted ISR uranium production
facilities.
The Project was intensely explored by numerous major mining and energy
companies during the late 1970s and early 1980s. Kerr McGee, one of the largest
uranium producers during this era, in its joint venture with Chevron, was
particularly active in the area and drilled thousands of reconnaissance and closer-
spaced delineation holes on, and around, Recharge’s Project. The Carter Uranium
Project hosts a significant amount of uranium mineralisation with the deposits
extending over a strike extent of approximately 11 kilometres.
The Acquisition was completed today on the terms outlined previously in the
Company’s announcement dated 29 October 2024.
Recharge has now completed a placement to raise A$2.52 million (before
costs)(Placement) through the issue of 100,800,000 new fully paid ordinary shares
(Placement Shares). The Placement Shares were issued to sophisticated and
professional investors without disclosure under section 708 of the Corporations
Act. Shareholder approval for the issue of the Placement Shares and completion of
the acquisition was gained on 28th November 2024. The Placement Shares rank
equally with existing fully paid ordinary shares in the Company.
Recharge is now fully funded to undertake its exploration activities. Recharge has
commenced permitting work, with drilling planned for next year. Data
compilation, data review and target generation is ongoing.
-ENDS-
This announcement has been authorised for release by the Board of Recharge
Metals Limited.
For more information, please contact:
Felicity Repacholi Mr Alex Cowie
Managing Director Media & Investor Relations
felicity@rechargemetals.com.au alexc@nwrcommunications.com.au
www.rechargemetals.com.au | ASX: REC 1
ABN 13 647 703 839 T: + 61 (08) 9388 3742
LEVEL 1, 50 KINGS PARK, WEST PERTH WA 6005

TABLE:
For more information, please contact:
Felicity Repacholi Mr Alex Cowie
Managing Director Media & Investor Relations

About Recharge Metals
Recharge Metals Limited (ASX: REC) has recently acquired 100% of the Carter Uranium Project,
located in the Powder River Basin, USA, one of the world’s premier uranium districts. Carter contains
the majority of two significant high-grade historical resources, including The Acadia Deposit (3.7 Mlbs
@ 1,250ppm eU₃O₈) and the Mindy Deposit (1.4 Mlbs @ 1,560ppm eU₃O₈). The projects give investors
exposure to the uranium theme, as well as the growing tailwinds of US fiscal support for development
of domestic uranium industry. In addition, Recharge is advancing the Newnham Lake Uranium
Project in the Athabasca Basin, Saskatchewan, the Express Lithium Project in Quebec and the
copper-focused Brandy Hill South Project, Western Australia.
Figure 1: Carter Uranium Project location and historical resources
**Cautionary Statement: Historical Resource Estimate: Readers are cautioned that the historical
resource estimates for the Acadia and Mindy Deposits, referred to in this Announcement are not
reported in accordance with the JORC 2012 Code. A Competent Person has not undertaken sufficient
work to classify the historical resource estimates as mineral resources in accordance with the JORC
2012 Code. Nothing has come to the attention of Recharge that causes it to question the accuracy or
the reliability of the former owner’s estimates. However, Recharge has not independently validated
the former owner’s estimates and therefore is not to be regarded as reporting, adopting or endorsing
those estimates. Following evaluation and further exploration work, it is uncertain whether it will be
possible to report this historical resource estimate as a mineral resource in accordance with the JORC
2012 Code. The historical resource estimate has been reported in accordance to Listing Rule 5.12, refer
to ASX Announcement dated 29 October 2024.
Competent Person Statement
The information in this announcement that relates to Exploration Results and Historical Resources is
based on information compiled or reviewed by Ms Felicity Repacholi, a Competent Person who is a
Director of the Company. Ms Repacholi is a Member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists and
has sufficient experience relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under
consideration, and to the activities undertaken, to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the
www.rechargemetals.com.au | ASX: REC 2

TABLE:
The information in this announcement that relates to Exploration Results and Historical Resources is
based on information compiled or reviewed by Ms Felicity Repacholi, a Competent Person who is a
Director of the Company. Ms Repacholi is a Member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists and
has sufficient experience relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under
consideration, and to the activities undertaken, to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the

2012 Edition of the Joint Ore Reserves Committee (JORC) Australasian Code for Reporting of
Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. Ms Repacholi consents to the inclusion in
this report of the matters based on this information in the form and context in which it appears.
Past historical results disclosed in this report have been previously prepared and disclosed by the
Company in ASX Announcements 29 October 2024 – Transformational Acquisition of the Advanced
High-Grade Carter Uranium Project, Montana, USA. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any
new information or data that materially affects the information included in the original market
announcements and that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the
estimates in the relevant original market announcements continue to apply and have not materially
changed. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Person's
findings are presented here have not been materially modified from the original market
announcements.
Forward Looking Statements
Any forward-looking information contained in this announcement is based on numerous
assumptions and is subject to all of the risks and uncertainties inherent in the Company's business
including risks inherent in mineral exploration and development. As a result, actual results may vary
materially from those described in the forward-looking information. Readers are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on forward looking information due to the inherent uncertainty thereof.
www.rechargemetals.com.au | ASX: REC 3

TABLE:
2012 Edition of the Joint Ore Reserves Committee (JORC) Australasian Code for Reporting of
Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. Ms Repacholi consents to the inclusion in
this report of the matters based on this information in the form and context in which it appears.

TABLE:
Any forward-looking information contained in this announcement is based on numerous
assumptions and is subject to all of the risks and uncertainties inherent in the Company's business
including risks inherent in mineral exploration and development. As a result, actual results may vary
materially from those described in the forward-looking information. Readers are cautioned not to
place undue reliance on forward looking information due to the inherent uncertainty thereof

