 
 
14 October 2024  
 
 
SARAMA RESOURCES UPDATES ON PROGRESS 
OF COSMO GOLD PROJECT ACQUISITION 
Exploration Fieldwork Underway & Cosmo Gold Shareholders Set to Approve Transaction 
PERTH, AUSTRALIA / VANCOUVER, CANADA.  Sarama Resources Ltd. (“Sarama” or the “Company”) (ASX:SRR, TSX-
V:SWA) is pleased to advise that field exploration on the Cosmo Gold Project (the “Project”) in Western Australia 
is progressing well, with soil geochemistry programs underway (refer Photo 2).  Meetings with senior members of 
the local Traditional Owner groups have also been held during a recent site visit to the Project (refer Photo 1), with 
both groups welcoming Sarama to the Project and all parties looking forward to establishing mutually beneficial 
relationships.  
The Company’s acquisition of a majority interest(1) in the Project  (the “Transaction”) continues to progress toward 
completion with Cosmo Gold Limited’s (“Cosmo Gold”) Annual General Meeting (“AGM”) now scheduled for 4 
November 2024 where it will seek approval for the Transaction from shareholders. With a majority of the key 
conditions precedent having already been met, shareholder approval will pave the way for completion of the 
Transaction.  Sarama notes that eligible directors of Cosmo Gold have recommended that shareholders vote in 
favour of the Transaction. 
The Transaction received strong support from Sarama’s shareholders at the Company’s recent AGM and Sarama 
has received requisite approval and conditional approval from securities exchanges in Australia and Canada 
respectively.  Due to the slight delay in Cosmo Gold’s AGM, the Company anticipates the Transaction will now be 
completed by mid-November 2024. 
The 580km² project(2) covers the entirety of the Cosmo-Newbery Greenstone Belt and is located approximately 
85km north-east of Laverton in a region known for its prolific gold endowment (refer Figure 1).  As one of the last 
effectively unexplored greenstone belts in Western Australia, the Project presents a unique and compelling 
opportunity for the Company. 
Highlights 
 
 
 
• Cosmo Gold Project covers an area of 580km² and captures +50km strike of greenstone in a highly 
prospective gold producing region; 95km from both the world-class Gruyere Mine and Laverton gold district 
• Project captures one of the last effectively unexplored greenstone belts in Western Australia; virtually no 
effective exploration undertaken for several decades 
• Project is very well located being an approximate 4 hour drive from Kalgoorlie with all but 30km being on 
paved roads 
• Soil geochemistry program progressing as planned 
• Meetings with Traditional Owners confirm support for Sarama’s involvement and its planned endeavours 
• Cosmo Gold AGM set for 4 November 2024 with completion of the Transaction anticipated shortly 
thereafter 
 
 
 
2 
Sarama’s President, CEO & MD, Andrew Dinning commented: 
“We are pleased to see on-the-ground exploration progressing well and we look forward to completing the 
acquisition of the Cosmo Gold Project which we view as a compelling opportunity for the Company. The Company 
also looks forward to working with local communities to bring this project to account in the interests of all 
stakeholders.” 
 
 
 
Photo 1 - Harvey Murray, Chairman of Yilka Talintji Aboriginal Corporation and Sarama’s President & CEO, 
Andrew Dinning, at the Cosmo Community Office 
 
Cosmo Newbery Project 
The Project is comprised of 7 contiguous exploration tenements covering 580km² in the Eastern Goldfields of 
Western Australia, approximately 85km north-east of Laverton and 95km west of the world-class Gruyere Gold 
Mine. The Project is readily accessible via the Great Central Road which services the Cosmo Newbery Community. 
The Project captures one of the last unexplored greenstone belts in Western Australia and with a strike length of 
+50km, the Cosmo Newbery Belt represents a large and prospective system with gold first being discovered in 
the area in the 1890’s. Multiple historical gold workings are documented within the Project area and work 
undertaken to date, has identified multiple exploration targets for follow up. 
Despite this significant prospectivity, the Project has seen virtually no modern exploration or drilling of merit due 
to a lack of land access persisting over a significant period.  As a result, the Project has not benefited from the 
evolution of geochemical and geophysical techniques which now facilitate effective exploration in deeply 
weathered and complex regolith settings which is particularly pertinent given approximately 75% of the Project 
area is under cover. 
 
 
 
 
3 
Following the relatively recent securing of land access, the Project is now available for systematic and modern-day 
exploration programs to be conducted on a broad-scale.  It is anticipated that future exploration programs will 
initially follow-up preliminary targets generated from regional soil sampling and limited reconnaissance drilling 
programs, a majority of which extended to approximately 5m below surface with a small percentage extending up 
to 30m below surface. 
  
 
Figure 1 – Cosmo Gold Project Location, Eastern Goldfields, Western Australia 
 
 
Photo 2 - Soil Geochemistry Sample Collection at the Cosmo Gold Project (7 October 2024) 
∗  All geologic information taken from public source 
and resource numbers rounded to nearest million 
based on publicly available information. 
 
 
 
4 
Sarama Board Changes 
Due to changing commitments and needs of the Company, the Board of Directors has agreed that the Company’s 
Non-Executive Chairman, Simon Jackson, will move into the role of Non-Executive Director. Mr Jackson will 
maintain his role as Chairman of the Company’s Audit Committee.  Andrew Dinning will assume the role of 
Executive Chairman of the Company in conjunction with his role as President & CEO and Managing Director 
effective 11 October 2024.  
The Company wishes to thank Mr Jackson for his guidance and support as Chairman and looks forward to his 
ongoing and invaluable contribution to the Board and Company moving forward.   
 
 
For further information, please contact:  
Company Activities 
 
Andrew Dinning or Paul Schmiede  
Sarama Resources Ltd 
 
e: info@saramaresources.com 
t: +61 8 9363 7600 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 
FOOTNOTES 
1. 
Upon completion of the Transaction, Sarama, via its 100%-owned subsidiary, will acquire from Cosmo an 80% interest in all the Project’s 
Exploration Licences, with the exception of E38/2274 for which Sarama will acquire an effective 60% interest (with Cosmo retaining a 
15% interest and an exisitng joint tenement holder retaining a 25% interest).  The tenements in which Sarama will acquire an 80% interest 
account for approximately 80% of the total area of the Project.  For a period of 2-years following completion of the Transaction, Sarama 
will have the right to acquire Cosmo’s remaining 20% interest all the above Exploration Licences (with the exception of E38/2274 which 
would be held 75% by Sarama and 25% by an exisitng joint tenement holder in the event that Sarama exercises the option to acquire 
Cosmo’s remaining interest in the Project). 
2. 
The Project is comprised of the following contiguous Exploration Licences:  E38/2851, E38/3456, E38/2627, E38/2274, E38/3525, 
E38/3249 and E38/2774 covering approximately 580km².  Cosmo currently has a 100% interest in all the Project’s Exploration Licences 
with the exception of E38/2274 for which Comso holds a 75% interest. 
 
CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION 
Information in this news release that is not a statement of historical fact constitutes forward-looking information.  Such forward-looking 
information includes, but is not limited to, statements regarding the prospectivity of the Cosmo Gold Project, information with respect to Sarama 
having or acquiring mineral interests in areas which are considered highly prospective for gold and other commodities and which remain 
underexplored, costs and timing of future exploration, the potential for exploration discoveries, the intention to gain the best commercial 
outcome for shareholders of the Company, timing and receipt of approvals, consents and permits under applicable legislation and the 
completion of a transaction to acquire the Cosmo Gold Project. Actual results, performance or achievements of the Company may vary from the 
results suggested by such forward-looking statements due to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. Such factors include, 
among others, that the business of exploration for gold and other precious minerals involves a high degree of risk and is highly speculative in 
nature; Mineral Resources are not mineral reserves, they do not have demonstrated economic viability, and there is no certainty that they can 
be upgraded to mineral reserves through continued exploration; few properties that are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines; 
geological factors; the actual results of current and future exploration; changes in project parameters as plans continue to be evaluated, as well 
as those factors disclosed in the Company’s publicly filed documents. 
There can be no assurance that any mineralisation that is discovered will be proven to be economic, or that future required regulatory licensing 
or approvals will be obtained. However, the Company believes that the assumptions and expectations reflected in the forward-looking 
information are reasonable. Assumptions have been made regarding, among other things, the Company’s ability to carry on its exploration 
activities, the sufficiency of funding, the timely receipt of required approvals, the price of gold and other precious metals, that the Company will 
not be affected by adverse political and security-related events, the ability of the Company to operate in a safe, efficient and effective manner 
and the ability of the Company to obtain further financing as and when required and on reasonable terms. Readers should not place undue 
reliance on forward-looking information. 
Sarama does not undertake to update any forward-looking information, except as required by applicable laws. 
 
QUALIFIED PERSON’S STATEMENT 
Scientific or technical information in this disclosure that relates to exploration is based on information compiled or approved by Paul Schmiede.  
Paul Schmiede is an employee of Sarama Resources Ltd and is a Fellow in good standing of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy.  
Paul Schmiede has sufficient experience which is relevant to the commodity, style of mineralisation under consideration and activity which he 
is undertaking to qualify as a Qualified Person under National Instrument 43-101.  Paul Schmiede consents to the inclusion in this news release 
of the information in the form and context in which it appears. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This announcement has been authorised by the Board of Sarama Resources. 
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX 
Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. 
 
