 
 
25 SEPTEMBER 2024 
 
 
 
SARAMA RESOURCES UPDATES ON PROGRESS 
OF COSMO GOLD PROJECT ACQUISITION 
Key Transaction Conditions Satisfied & Exploration Program Commenced 
 
PERTH, AUSTRALIA / VANCOUVER, CANADA.  Sarama Resources Ltd. (“Sarama” or the “Company”) (ASX:SRR, TSX-
V:SWA) is pleased to advise that the Company’s acquisition of a majority interest(1) in the Cosmo Gold Project (the 
“Project”) in Western Australia is advancing towards completion with a majority of the key conditions precedent 
having been met. 
The acquisition received strong support from shareholders at the Company’s recent Annual General Meeting and 
Sarama has received requisite approval and conditional approval from securities exchanges in Australia and 
Canada respectively.  The Company anticipates the Transaction (defined below) will be completed in late October 
2024. 
The 580km² project(2) covers the entirety of the Cosmo-Newbery Greenstone Belt and is located approximately 
85km north-east of Laverton in a region known for its prolific gold endowment (refer Figure 1).  As one of the last 
effectively unexplored greenstone belts in Western Australia, the Project presents a unique and compelling 
opportunity for the Company. 
Highlights 
 
 
Sarama’s President, CEO & MD, Andrew Dinning commented: 
“We are pleased to have made significant progress toward completing the acquisition of the Cosmo Gold Project 
which we view as a compelling opportunity for the Company.  Sarama’s shareholders voted overwhelmingly in 
favour of the Transaction and we look forward to closing the deal and embarking on more extensive exploration 
programs which will follow on from field programs currently being mobilised.” 
 
• Sarama acquiring a majority interest in and control of Cosmo Gold Project in Western Australia 
• Majority of key closing conditions satisfied and completion of transaction anticipated in late October 2024 
• Sarama acquiring an initial 80% interest(1) with ability to increase to 100% in the majority of the Project(1) 
• 580km² landholding capturing +50km strike length in highly prospective gold producing region; 95km from 
both the world-class Gruyere Mine and Laverton gold district 
• Project captures one of the last effectively unexplored greenstone belts in Western Australia; virtually no 
effective exploration undertaken for several decades 
• Soil geochemistry program to commence imminently to generate regional targets in unexplored areas 
 
 
 
2 
 
Cosmo Newbery Project 
The Project is comprised of 7 contiguous exploration tenements covering 580km² in the Eastern Goldfields of 
Western Australia, approximately 85km north-east of Laverton and 95km west of the world-class Gruyere Gold 
Mine. The Project is readily accessible via the Great Central Road which services the Cosmo Newbery Community. 
The Project captures one of the last unexplored greenstone belts in Western Australia and with a strike length of 
+50km, the Cosmo Newbery Belt represents a large and prospective system with gold first being discovered in 
the area in the 1890’s. Multiple historical gold workings are documented within the Project area and work 
undertaken to date, has identified multiple exploration targets for follow up. 
Despite this significant prospectivity, the Project has seen virtually no modern exploration or drilling of merit due 
to a lack of land access persisting over a significant period.  As a result, the Project has not benefited from the 
evolution of geochemical and geophysical techniques which now facilitate effective exploration in deeply 
weathered and complex regolith settings which is particularly pertinent given approximately 75% of the Project 
area is under cover. 
Following the relatively recent securing of land access, the Project is now available for systematic and modern-day 
exploration programs to be conducted on a broad-scale.  It is anticipated that future exploration programs will 
initially follow-up preliminary targets generated from regional soil sampling and limited reconnaissance drilling 
programs, a majority of which extended to approximately 5m below surface with a small percentage extending up 
to 30m below surface. 
 
 
 
Figure 1 – Cosmo Gold Project Location, Eastern Goldfields, Western Australia 
 
 
∗  All geologic information taken from public source 
and resource numbers rounded to nearest million 
based on publicly available information. 
 
 
 
3 
Transaction Progress 
Pursuant to the binding Asset Sale and Purchase Agreement executed (on 12 August 2024) by Sarama, and a 100%-
owned subsidiary, with Cosmo Gold Limited (“Cosmo”) and Adelong Gold Limited (“Adelong”), Sarama will acquire 
80% of Cosmo’s interest in the Project (the “Transaction”) and will be granted the right to acquire the remainder 
of Cosmo’s interest in the Project within a 2-year period post completion.  Further, an existing debt obligation of 
Cosmo to Adelong will be satisfied and discharged as part of the Transaction.  Refer Sarama news release 14 August 
2024 for further details.  
Since the execution of a memorandum of understanding and the binding agreement Sarama and Cosmo have been 
working to satisfy the conditions precedent to enable completion of the Transaction. 
Sarama has successfully gained regulatory approval for the Transaction from the Australian Securities Exchange 
(“ASX”) and conditional approval from the TSX Venture Exchange (“TSX-V”).  Final TSX-V approval for completion 
of the transaction is anticipated once various compliance items are filed.  The Transaction also enjoyed very strong 
support from the Company’s shareholders with nominally 100% of votes cast at its recent annual general meeting 
on 11 September 2024 being in favour. 
Sarama and Cosmo have been jointly working on the maintenance of the mineral tenure for the 7 exploration 
licences comprising the Project.  These efforts have culminated in the extension of several licences for new terms 
and receipt of recent advice from the Western Australian Department of Energy, Mines, Industry Regulation and 
Safety has confirmed that all tenements are current and in good standing. 
Introductions to the Traditional Owners of lands within the Project area have been made and these groups are 
supportive of Sarama’s involvement in the Project, which will be confirmed with the procedural assignment of 
access agreements closer to the time of completion of the Transaction.  In the interim, management is scheduled 
to undertake site visits to meet with the Traditional Owners in early October 2024. 
Cosmo has generated valuable base level data that has identified a number of target areas including kilometre-
scale gold-in-soil anomalies and multiple structural and geophysical targets.  Mobilisation has commenced for soil 
geochemistry exploration programs in regional areas which are expected to provide first-pass, broad-scale 
coverage in prospective but underexplored areas.  It is anticipated that results from this initial program will inform 
design of expanded soil geochemistry programs to be undertaken post completion of the Transaction that will 
ultimately feed into drilling targeting.  Whilst Sarama’s exploration focus is gold, the Project is prospective for other 
commodities including nickel and rare earth elements, for which soil anomalism at a kilometre-scale has been 
already identified. 
 
 
For further information, please contact:  
Company Activities 
 
Andrew Dinning or Paul Schmiede  
Sarama Resources Ltd 
 
e: info@saramaresources.com 
t: +61 8 9363 7600 
 
 
 
 
 
  
 
 
 
 
 
4 
FOOTNOTES 
1. 
Upon completion of the Transaction, Sarama, via its 100%-owned subsidiary, will acquire from Cosmo an 80% interest in all the Project’s 
Exploration Licences, with the exception of E38/2274 for which Sarama will acquire an effective 60% interest (with Cosmo retaining a 
15% interest and an exisitng joint tenement holder retaining a 25% interest).  The tenements in which Sarama will acquire an 80% interest 
account for approximately 80% of the total area of the Project.  For a period of 2-years following completion of the Transaction, Sarama 
will have the right to acquire Cosmo’s remaining 20% interest all the above Exploration Licences (with the exception of E38/2274 which 
would be held 75% by Sarama and 25% by an exisitng joint tenement holder in the event that Sarama exercises the option to acquire 
Cosmo’s remaining interest in the Project). 
2. 
The Project is comprised of the following contiguous Exploration Licences:  E38/2851, E38/3456, E38/2627, E38/2274, E38/3525, 
E38/3249 and E38/2774 covering approximately 580km².  Cosmo currently has a 100% interest in all the Project’s Exploration Licences 
with the exception of E38/2274 for which Comso holds a 75% interest. 
 
CAUTION REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION 
Information in this news release that is not a statement of historical fact constitutes forward-looking information.  Such forward-looking 
information includes, but is not limited to, statements regarding the prospectivity of the Cosmo Gold Project, information with respect to Sarama 
having or acquiring mineral interests in areas which are considered highly prospective for gold and other commodities and which remain 
underexplored, costs and timing of future exploration, the potential for exploration discoveries, the intention to gain the best commercial 
outcome for shareholders of the Company, timing and receipt of approvals, consents and permits under applicable legislation and the 
completion of a transaction to acquire the Cosmo Gold Project. Actual results, performance or achievements of the Company may vary from the 
results suggested by such forward-looking statements due to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors. Such factors include, 
among others, that the business of exploration for gold and other precious minerals involves a high degree of risk and is highly speculative in 
nature; Mineral Resources are not mineral reserves, they do not have demonstrated economic viability, and there is no certainty that they can 
be upgraded to mineral reserves through continued exploration; few properties that are explored are ultimately developed into producing mines; 
geological factors; the actual results of current and future exploration; changes in project parameters as plans continue to be evaluated, as well 
as those factors disclosed in the Company’s publicly filed documents. 
There can be no assurance that any mineralisation that is discovered will be proven to be economic, or that future required regulatory licensing 
or approvals will be obtained. However, the Company believes that the assumptions and expectations reflected in the forward-looking 
information are reasonable. Assumptions have been made regarding, among other things, the Company’s ability to carry on its exploration 
activities, the sufficiency of funding, the timely receipt of required approvals, the price of gold and other precious metals, that the Company will 
not be affected by adverse political and security-related events, the ability of the Company to operate in a safe, efficient and effective manner 
and the ability of the Company to obtain further financing as and when required and on reasonable terms. Readers should not place undue 
reliance on forward-looking information. 
Sarama does not undertake to update any forward-looking information, except as required by applicable laws. 
 
QUALIFIED PERSON’S STATEMENT 
Scientific or technical information in this disclosure that relates to exploration is based on information compiled or approved by Paul Schmiede.  
Paul Schmiede is an employee of Sarama Resources Ltd and is a Fellow in good standing of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy.  
Paul Schmiede has sufficient experience which is relevant to the commodity, style of mineralisation under consideration and activity which he 
is undertaking to qualify as a Qualified Person under National Instrument 43-101.  Paul Schmiede consents to the inclusion in this news release 
of the information in the form and context in which it appears. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
This announcement has been authorised by the Board of Sarama Resources. 
Neither TSX Venture Exchange nor its Regulation Services Provider (as that term is defined in policies of the TSX 
Venture Exchange) accepts responsibility for the adequacy or accuracy of this release. 
 
