 
 
 
Kingsgate Project - High Purity Quartz 
New South Wales, Australia. 
ASX Release – 7th November 2024 
 
Highlights 
 
• 
Acquisition of 24.28 Ha land at Kingsgate Project 
• 
Encouraging Results from Quartz Samples with SiO2 % up to 
99.99% and impurities <100 ppm 
• 
Field Based Exploration Commenced  
 
Taiton Resources Limited (“T88”, “Taiton” or “the Company”) is pleased to 
announce an update on the Kingsgate project in New South Wales. The 
project consists of two Exploration Licence, EL 9636 and EL 9641 (Figure 1). 
EL9636 measures 107.3 sq.km and EL 9641 measures 202.9 sq.km and both 
licences are located approximately 20km east of Glen Innes (pop. 6155), the 
main town in the Northern Highlands of New South Wales.  Glen Innes is 
approximately 600km north of Sydney and 350 km south of Brisbane and 
situated on a major highway between Sydney and Brisbane.  
 
 
 
 
Figure 1:  Location of the EL9636 and ELA 9641.   The project is 20km east of Glen 
Innes (pop. 6155), the main town in the Northern Highlands of New South Wales.  
Hammond Land Acquisition 
 
Taiton is pleased to announce that it has completed the acquisition of 24.28 
Ha of land (Hammond Land) known as Lot 100 Tablelands Road, Red Range, 
New South Wales for $237,500. The Hammond Land is located within EL9636 
on which was the site of the trial mining pit conducted by Auzex Resources 
Limited (Auzex) in 2008. Located within the Hammond Land are at least 19 
known quartz pipes of which some were used by Auzex as part of their trial 
mining for molybdenum, bismuth and high purity quartz. 
 
 
 
 
During the purchase of the Hammond Land, Taiton personnel had the 
opportunity to collect eleven float samples representing material from 
proximal quartz pipes, as shown in Figure 2. These samples were submitted 
without chemical wash or beneficiation to Labwest in Perth, Western 
Australia for high purity analysis. The initial results are encouraging with SiO2 
ranging from 99.53 % to 99.99 % SiO2 with impurities ranging from 99 ppm to 
4,100 ppm as shown in Table 1.  
 
Table 1. Quartz rock chip sample results 
Sample ID 
SiO2 
% 
Al 
ppm 
Ti 
ppm 
Na 
ppm 
K 
ppm 
Li 
ppm 
Ca 
ppm 
Fe 
ppm 
P 
ppm 
Total* 
KGR 0003-P001 
99.87 
634 
10 
46 
208 
48 
8 
242 
3 
1200 
KGR 0004-P002 
99.57 
413 
19 
75 
192 
8 
46 
152 
2 
907 
KGR 0005-P003 
99.94 
280 
12 
38 
40 
14 
17 
62 
2 
465 
KGR 0005-P004 
99.96 
243 
13 
39 
31 
16 
10 
65 
2 
419 
KGR 0003-P005 
99.92 
356 
17 
95 
102 
22 
43 
149 
3 
787 
Driveway D-001 
99.53 
2500 
16 
13 
916 
6 
11 
640 
2 
4103 
Driveway D-002 
99.99 
49 
4 
11 
6 
8 
3 
17 
1 
99 
Driveway D-003 
99.94 
242 
24 
116 
70 
11 
17 
82 
2 
564 
Driveway D-004 
99.94 
199 
17 
84 
45 
7 
7 
52 
3 
412 
KGR0005 D-005 
99.97 
161 
11 
37 
24 
16 
3 
33 
1 
285 
KGR0004 P001-D006 
99.91 
311 
17 
52 
117 
11 
35 
81 
2 
627 
*Note Boron (B) was not analysed due to preliminary assessment and requiring a variation 
on the crucible used. 
 
 
 
 
Figure 2. Rock chip sample locations showing SiO2 and selected impurities 
within the Kingsgate mining centre 
 
The Kingsgate project has a history of intermittent mining, initially for Mo-Bi-
W mineralization in the late 1800s and later during the 1940s for "flawless" 
quartz, which was used in radio equipment during World War II. Mining 
ceased in the early 1950s, and since then, the area has attracted fossickers in 
search of quartz crystals and molybdenite specimens, for which Kingsgate is 
well-known (Paix, 1988). In the mid-2000s, Auzex explored the project for Mo-
Bi and completed a scoping study which included a silica flour product 
generated from the tail. 
 
 
 
The project area encompasses multiple quartz pipes situated along the 
margins and roof of the Red Range Microleucogranite (Hladky and Wilkins, 
1987; Plimer and Elliott, 1979). These quartz pipes are thought to represent the 
final product of granite differentiation. 
 
The quartz pipes have recorded dimensions with widths reaching up to 8 
meters and thicknesses up to 10 meters based on historical drilling data by 
Auzex. Historical underground mining targeted these pipes over strike 
lengths exceeding 100 meters (Figure 2).  
 
The pipes rarely display brecciation but are typically concentrically zoned with 
successive generations of quartz with individual quartz crystals in the inner 
zone recorded up to 1.2m in dimension (Tanner et al., 2013). This zoning is 
evident in sample results (Table 1) and images that showcase quartz with 
glass-like, opaque, and smoky appearances. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Figure 3 
Figure 4 
Sampling a quartz vein  
Historical Quartz Pipe 
 
Taiton personnel are currently on site and conducting sampling, mapping and 
verification of all known quartz pipes.  Access to the site has allowed 
exploration to begin earnestly. 
 
The team is beginning to collect a good volume of samples and a small 
collection of the quartz samples can be observed below, Figure 5. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Figure 5:  A collection of quartz float samples that show the clarity of the 
Kingsgate quartz samples. 
 
Personnel are also introducing the company to local landowners,  business 
and the Glen Innes Severn Council in establishing our intend on the Kingsgate 
project. Taiton will look to establish a local satellite office to help with 
community relations and establishing a base for exploration in the region. 
 
Taiton has also received the Minister’s consent to conduct exploration 
activities on the entire licence areas for the term of its Kingsgate project 
pursuant to notice given under the Native Title Act 1993 (Commonwealth). 
 
 
 
 
What is High Purity Quartz (HPQ)? 
 
High Purity Quartz (HPQ) (See Table 2) refers to quartz material that meets 
stringent quality standards, making it essential for several key industries, 
including solar photovoltaics, semiconductors, optical fibres, specialist 
glassware, and optics.  
 
Table 2: A summary of the notion of HPQ. 
 
HPQ feedstock (HPQF) deposits are naturally occurring quartz resources 
found in economically viable quantities that can be upgraded and purified to 
meet these quality demands.  
 
The main criteria for HPQ include extremely low impurity levels, application-
specific particle size distribution, and melting properties that suit the needs of 
downstream manufacturers. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The main factor defining a High Purity Quartz (HPQ) source is the 
exceptionally low level of impurities present in the quartz. For the material to 
qualify as HPQ, it must have very low concentrations of elements such as iron, 
aluminium, and titanium, as these impurities can negatively affect its 
suitability for use in high-tech applications like solar photovoltaics, 
semiconductors, and optical fibres. 
 
Additionally, the quartz deposit must be economically viable and amenable to 
beneficiation (processing) to meet strict quality standards for downstream 
industries. 
 
Most critically, HPQ is a commercial term for quartz that has undergone 
processing to meet these rigorous specifications. The consistent, high-quality 
supply of HPQ and HPQF is vital for the production of the products in these 
industries (See Table 3).  
 
With the solar PV market expanding rapidly, the demand for new sources of 
HPQ is expected to grow significantly throughout this decade. 
 
Table: 3.    Commercial definition of HPQ.  (Source: Greentech Minerals, 2022 based 
on reports from Exawatt & ANZAPLAN) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HPQ Market Forecast 
The global HPQ market is anticipated to be valued at US$ 1.19 billion in 2024 
and is estimated to reach a valuation of 1.945 billion by 2034.  This is a project 
CAGR of 6.4% from 2024 to 2034 (1) 
 
Taiton Exploration Plan: 
The Taiton Exploration team will now focus on fast tracking the collection of 
samples to establish the HPQ status of the Kingsgate project. A 
comprehensive lithostructural stud y of the project is in progress, and this will 
give the company exploration targets to focus on in the coming months and 
into 2025. 
 
 
 
 
 
Corporate Update 
 
Considering the delayed timing on fund raising announced on 18 October 
2024, the company has taken the decision to reduce remuneration across the 
company, including executive remuneration, by 50% to conserve existing 
funding to continue our exploration activities. 
As part of the rationalisation of operations, the company is now focusing on 
the Highway, Challenger and the Kingsgate projects.  The Lake Barlee project 
is considered a non-core project and as such the Lake Barlee tenements have 
been relinquished. 
Executive Director Noel Ong commented: 
“This is a very exciting time for Taiton as we have finally gained access to 
what is a high value asset.  Although these are preliminary assessment 
samples, they offer encouraging indicators for the potential presence of 
High Purity Quartz within the Kingsgate project.  
With the recent acquisition of the Kingsgate property, Taiton has 
commenced focused exploration programs targeting both Mo-Bi-W and 
High Purity Quartz/High Purity Silica (HPQ/HPS) using existing data, 
including drill hole records, geological maps, and geophysical datasets.  
Taiton is also actively negotiating with landholders across the broader 
Kingsgate project area to secure exploration access. Preliminary 
discussions with landholders have been positive. 
The High Purity Quartz (HPQ) industry is a growing business and the 
source of quality HPQ is not something that is replicable.  The key 
component to establish a HPQ source is the lack of impurities. 
 
 
 
Historically, the Kingsgate quartz is well known for being a supply of 
piezoelectric quartz crystals and it is well known for its clarity.  There have 
been limited research on the quality of the quartz and it was Auzex 
Resources Limited in 2008, who had identified a large volume of high 
quality quartz present at the Kingsgate project. 
The trial mining conducted by Auzex had identified at least 100,000 
tonnes of quartz that could be mined annually over a 10-year period. 
Taiton views the Kingsgate project as its flagship project now and the 
company will work earnestly to bring this project into a mining stage as 
soon a practicably possible.  
The unique nature of the quartz pipe, its size of around a diameter of up 
to 20m with the likelihood of an underground mining environment, and 
its value proposition means that the potential footprint will be 
significantly smaller than conventional mining. 
As I have mentioned, this is a very exciting time for the company, and we 
will update shareholders as we make further progress. 
 
This announcement has been approved for release by the Executive 
Directors. 
For further information please contact: 
Noel Ong 
Executive Director 
E: noel.ong@taiton.com.au 
P: +61 (3) 8648 6431 
 
 
 
 
 
 
COMPETENT PERSON STATEMENT 
 
The information in this report that relates to exploration results and geological data 
for the Highway Project is based on information generated and compiled by Shane 
Tomlinson, who is a member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists (AIG). 
 
Shane Tomlinson has sufficient experience that is relevant to the styles of 
mineralisation and types of deposits under consideration and to the activities being 
undertaken to qualify as Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the 
“Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore 
Reserves”.   
 
Reference: 
1. 
Fact.MR (www. factmr.com/report/HighPurityQuartz(HPQ)Market) 
2. ASX Release - 16th January 2024, High-Grade Molybdenum Acquisition, The 
Kingsgate Project, New South Wales, Australia. 
3. Jennings, A, Senior, A, Guerin, K, Main, P, and Walsh, J, (2024)., A review of high-
purity quartz for silicon production in Australia. 
4. Harben, P. W. (2002). Silica and silica-based compounds. In L. Taylor (Ed.), The 
Industrial Minerals Handybook—A Guide to Markets, Specifications and Prices 
(4th ed. 412p.). Industrial Mineral Information. 
5. Müller, A., Wanvik, J. E., & Ihlen, P. M. (2012). Petrological and chemical 
characterisation of high-purity quartz deposits with examples from Norway. In 
 
 
 
J. Götze & R. Möckel (Eds.), Quartz: Deposits, mineralogy and analytics (1st ed., 
pp. 71–118). Springer Science & Business. 
6. Paix, J (1988). The Kingsgate Mine. 
7. Hladky G, Wilkins R (1987) An evaluation of fluid inclusion decrepitometry using 
quartz from the Kingsgate molybdenite-bismuth deposits, New South Wales, 
Australia. 
8. Plimer I, Elliott S (1979) The use of Rb/Sr ratios as a guide to mineralization. J 
Geochem Explor 12:21–34 
9. Tanner, D, Henley, R.W, Mavrogenes, J.A, and Holden, P., (2013) Combining in 
situ isotopic, trace element and textural analyses of quartz from four 
magmatic-hydrothermal ore deposits. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION: 
This announcement contains forward-looking statements. Wherever possible, words 
such as “intends”, “expects”, “scheduled”, “estimates”, “anticipates”, “believes”, and 
similar expressions or statements that certain actions, events or results “may”, “could”, 
“would”, “might” or “will” be taken, occur or be achieved, have been used to identify 
these forward-looking statements. 
Although the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement reflect 
management’s current beliefs based upon information currently available to 
management and based upon what management believes to be reasonable 
assumptions, Taiton cannot be certain that actual results will be consistent with these 
forward-looking statements. A number of factors could cause events and 
achievements to differ materially from the results expressed or implied in the forward-
looking statements. These factors should be considered carefully and prospective 
investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements.  
Forward-looking statements necessarily involve significant known and unknown 
risks, assumptions and uncertainties that may cause actual results, events, prospects 
and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such 
forward-looking statements. Although Taiton has attempted to identify important 
risks and factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially 
from those described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors and 
risks that cause actions, events or results not to be anticipated, estimated or intended, 
including those risk factors discussed in Taiton's public filings.  
There can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements will prove to be 
accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those 
anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place 
undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements are 
made as of the date of this announcement, and Taiton assumes no obligation to 
update or revise them to reflect new events or circumstances, unless otherwise 
required by law. 
 
 
 
About Taiton Resources Limited 
 
Taiton Resources Limited (ASX: T88) is an early-stage mineral exploration and 
development company with a portfolio of projects across New South Wales and South 
Australia, comprising the following: 
 
a) Kingsgate High Purity Quartz Project – total tenement land holding of 294.1 sq 
km, located in New South Wales; 
b) Highway Project – total tenement land holding of 2,930 sq km, located in South 
Australia;  
c) Challenger West Project – total tenement land holding of 1,858 sq km in South 
Australia 
 
Taiton Resources Limited (ASX: T88) project locations. 
 
1 
JORC Code, 2012 Edition – Table 1 
Kingsgate Rock Chip Samples 
Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data 
(Criteria in this section apply to all succeeding sections.) 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Sampling 
techniques 
• Nature and quality of sampling (eg cut channels, random chips, or 
specific specialised industry standard measurement tools appropriate 
to the minerals under investigation, such as down hole gamma 
sondes, or handheld XRF instruments, etc). These examples should 
not be taken as limiting the broad meaning of sampling. 
• Include reference to measures taken to ensure sample representivity 
and the appropriate calibration of any measurement tools or systems 
used. 
• Aspects of the determination of mineralisation that are Material to the 
Public Report. 
• In cases where ‘industry standard’ work has been done this would be 
relatively simple (eg ‘reverse circulation drilling was used to obtain 1 
m samples from which 3 kg was pulverised to produce a 30 g charge 
for fire assay’). In other cases more explanation may be required, 
such as where there is coarse gold that has inherent sampling 
problems. Unusual commodities or mineralisation types (eg 
submarine nodules) may warrant disclosure of detailed information. 
• Samples were collected primary along access routes and within the 
historical mining centre, samples were collected sporadically based on 
access and presence of quartz material. 
• Samples collected as surface float and or rock chips from outcropping 
quartz pipes. 
• Sampling focused on collecting quartz material. 
Drilling 
techniques 
• Drill type (eg core, reverse circulation, open-hole hammer, rotary air 
blast, auger, Bangka, sonic, etc) and details (eg core diameter, triple 
or standard tube, depth of diamond tails, face-sampling bit or other 
type, whether core is oriented and if so, by what method, etc). 
• Not applicable as no drilling is being reported. 
Drill sample 
recovery 
• Method of recording and assessing core and chip sample recoveries 
and results assessed. 
• Measures taken to maximise sample recovery and ensure 
representative nature of the samples. 
• Whether a relationship exists between sample recovery and grade 
and whether sample bias may have occurred due to preferential 
loss/gain of fine/coarse material. 
• Not applicable as no drilling is being reported. 
Logging 
• Whether core and chip samples have been geologically and 
geotechnically logged to a level of detail to support appropriate 
Mineral Resource estimation, mining studies and metallurgical 
• Not applicable as no drilling is being reported. 
 
2 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
studies. 
• Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative in nature. Core (or 
costean, channel, etc) photography. 
• The total length and percentage of the relevant intersections logged. 
Sub-sampling 
techniques 
and sample 
preparation 
• If core, whether cut or sawn and whether quarter, half or all core 
taken. 
• If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled, rotary split, etc and 
whether sampled wet or dry. 
• For all sample types, the nature, quality and appropriateness of the 
sample preparation technique. 
• Quality control procedures adopted for all sub-sampling stages to 
maximise representivity of samples. 
• Measures taken to ensure that the sampling is representative of the in 
situ material collected, including for instance results for field 
duplicate/second-half sampling. 
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the grain size of the material 
being sampled. 
• Rock samples were collected in dry conditions and placed in 
numbered calico bags before being transport to Labwest laboratory in 
Perth, Western Australia by Taiton personnel. 
• Sample sizes and material being submitted to Labwest are 
appropriate in size for the analysis being conducted. 
• QAQC samples were collected in the field as per Taiton’s QAQC 
sample procedure. 
Quality of 
assay data 
and 
laboratory 
tests 
• The nature, quality and appropriateness of the assaying and 
laboratory procedures used and whether the technique is considered 
partial or total. 
• For geophysical tools, spectrometers, handheld XRF instruments, etc, 
the parameters used in determining the analysis including instrument 
make and model, reading times, calibrations factors applied and their 
derivation, etc. 
• Nature of quality control procedures adopted (eg standards, blanks, 
duplicates, external laboratory checks) and whether acceptable levels 
of accuracy (ie lack of bias) and precision have been established. 
• Sample analysis (High Purity Analysis, Trace Elements HPS, HPQ) 
was completed by Labwest Mineral Analysis Pty Ltd in their Perth 
laboratory. 
• A sample of approximately <500g is crushed and pulverised to a 
nominal < 75-micron size and 0.1g charge digested using hydrofluoric 
/ multi acid using a microwave apparatus. 
• Analysis and reporting of 65 elements suite (including REE) by ICP-
MS/OES reading. 
• SiO2 is calculated from using element results. 
• The analytical quality control procedures consisted of the inclusion of 
a Certified Reference Material (CRM). 
• The CRMs used was quartz reference. 
• QAQC data from sample analysis indicate acceptable level of 
accuracy and precision with the data. 
• The assaying techniques and quality control protocols used are 
considered appropriate for the data to be used for reporting exploration 
rock chip sample results. 
 
3 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Verification of 
sampling and 
assaying 
• The verification of significant intersections by either independent or 
alternative company personnel. 
• The use of twinned holes. 
• Documentation of primary data, data entry procedures, data 
verification, data storage (physical and electronic) protocols. 
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data. 
• No independent verification of results has been conducted. 
• No adjustments were introduced to the analytical data. 
Location of 
data points 
• Accuracy and quality of surveys used to locate drill holes (collar and 
down-hole surveys), trenches, mine workings and other locations 
used in Mineral Resource estimation. 
• Specification of the grid system used. 
• Quality and adequacy of topographic control. 
• Samples were located using a Garmin handheld portable GPS with 
an accuracy of ± 3m. 
• The grid system used is GDA94/MGA94 Zone 56. 
• RL data was assigned using publicly available SRTM elevation data. 
Data spacing 
and 
distribution 
• Data spacing for reporting of Exploration Results. 
• Whether the data spacing and distribution is sufficient to establish the 
degree of geological and grade continuity appropriate for the Mineral 
Resource and Ore Reserve estimation procedure(s) and 
classifications applied. 
• Whether sample compositing has been applied. 
• No new drill results are being reported, selected historical drill collar’s 
locations used in the announcement are shown in plans and their 
positions reported in ASX Release - 16th January 2024, High-Grade 
Molybdenum Acquisition, The Kingsgate Project, New South Wales, 
Australia. 
• Data density is appropriately indicated in the presentation with all 
sample positions shown in the plan provided. 
• No Resources or Ore Reserve estimations are presented. 
Orientation of 
data in 
relation to 
geological 
structure 
• Whether the orientation of sampling achieves unbiased sampling of 
possible structures and the extent to which this is known, considering 
the deposit type. 
• If the relationship between the drilling orientation and the orientation 
of key mineralised structures is considered to have introduced a 
sampling bias, this should be assessed and reported if material. 
• Samples are biased in they were selected quartz material as float / rock 
chip from and proximal to quartz pipes. Samples were only collected 
from surface expressions, which are limited and may not be 
representative of results further along strike and down dip. 
• The quartz pipes generally trend in a west-east direction. 
Sample 
security 
• The measures taken to ensure sample security. 
• All samples were collected by Taiton personnel with individual samples 
collected in numbered calico bags and placed in plastic bags. The bags 
were placed in checked luggage before transport to Perth by plane. 
They were then delivered to Labwest by car by Taiton personnel. 
Audits or 
reviews 
• The results of any audits or reviews of sampling techniques and data. 
• No audits or reviews have been completed to date. 
 
4 
Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results 
(Criteria listed in the preceding section also apply to this section.) 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Mineral 
tenement and 
land tenure 
status 
• Type, reference name/number, location and ownership including 
agreements or material issues with third parties such as joint 
ventures, partnerships, overriding royalties, native title interests, 
historical sites, wilderness or national park and environmental 
settings. 
• The security of the tenure held at the time of reporting along with any 
known impediments to obtaining a licence to operate in the area. 
• The Kingsgate Project is located within tenements EL9636 and 
EL9641, which are both 100% owned by Taiton Resources Limited. 
• The eastern boundary of tenement EL9636 abuts part of the Guy 
Fawkes River national park and Mann River nature reserve while 
EL9641 eastern boundary abuts part of the Mann River nature reserve. 
• The tenement covers a combination of crown and freehold land. 
Exploration 
done by other 
parties 
• Acknowledgment and appraisal of exploration by other parties. 
• 
Between 1880s and late 1920s a total of 350t Molybdenum (Mo) and 
200t Bismuth (Bi) was mined from high grade quartz pipes. 
• 
In the 1940s quartz was mined for use in radios during the second 
war. 
• 
In 1966, Carpentaria Exploration Pty Ltd drilled 78 shallow (average 
depth 26.6m) rotary drill holes. 
• 
Between 1970 and 1971, AOG Minerals Pty Ltd carried out soil and 
stream sampling programs. 
• 
Between 2005 and 2010, Auzex carried out exploration targeting Mo 
and Bi around the Kingsgate mine and included geological mapping 
surface sampling (rock and a soil sampling) drilling (RAB, RC, and 
diamond), geophysical surveys (aeromagnetic and ground based 
Induced Polarisation and radiometric) and metallurgical studies. 
Based on this work a scoping study, feasibility and trial mining 
operation was carried out with 11,700 bcm’s of material and high-
grade Mo and Bi ore stockpiled. This information is found in reports; 
R00054311, R00054988, R00079061, R00079776, R00036032, 
RE0000551, RE0002264, RE0003945, R00034461, and RE0006158 
Geology 
• Deposit type, geological setting and style of mineralisation. 
• 
Late Permian-Early Triassic granitoids dominate the geology of the 
project area. The Wards Mistake Adamellite is extensively developed 
and comprises coarse to medium-grained monzogranite-granodiorite. 
It has been intruded by the two main leucogranites in the area, the 
Kingsgate Leucogranite, and the Red Range Microleucogranite. The 
Kingsgate Leucogranite is a very coarse-grained, equigranular biotite 
 
5 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
granite. The Red Range Microleucogranite is a fine- to very fine 
grained saccharoidal, pink, equigranular microleucogranite. 
• 
The Kingsgate Leucogranite and the Red Range Microleucogranite 
host a range of molybdenum (Mo), bismuth (Bi), tungsten (W) and tin 
(Sn) deposits. Mo-Bi-Ag±Au quartz pipes and veins are developed in 
clusters along the margins of the Kingsgate Leucogranite and the Red 
Range Microleucogranite. The Kingsgate and Yarrow Creek 
(Comstock) deposits are the best-known examples of this 
mineralisation style. 
Drill hole 
Information 
• A summary of all information material to the understanding of the 
exploration results including a tabulation of the following information 
for all Material drill holes: 
o easting and northing of the drill hole collar 
o elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation above sea level in 
metres) of the drill hole collar 
o dip and azimuth of the hole 
o down hole length and interception depth 
o hole length. 
• If the exclusion of this information is justified on the basis that the 
information is not Material and this exclusion does not detract from 
the understanding of the report, the Competent Person should clearly 
explain why this is the case. 
• A drill hole information used in the announcement was detailed in ASX 
Release - 16th January 2024, High-Grade Molybdenum Acquisition, 
The Kingsgate Project, New South Wales, Australia. 
Data 
aggregation 
methods 
• In reporting Exploration Results, weighting averaging techniques, 
maximum and/or minimum grade truncations (eg cutting of high 
grades) and cut-off grades are usually Material and should be stated. 
• Where aggregate intercepts incorporate short lengths of high-grade 
results and longer lengths of low grade results, the procedure used 
for such aggregation should be stated and some typical examples of 
such aggregations should be shown in detail. 
• The assumptions used for any reporting of metal equivalent values 
should be clearly stated. 
• Rock chip samples are not cut. Results shown in image are from rock 
chip results from Table 1 in announcement. 
Relationship 
between 
mineralisation 
widths and 
intercept 
lengths 
• These relationships are particularly important in the reporting of 
Exploration Results. 
• If the geometry of the mineralisation with respect to the drill hole 
angle is known, its nature should be reported. 
• If it is not known and only the down hole lengths are reported, there 
should be a clear statement to this effect (eg ‘down hole length, true 
• Not applicable as no drilling is being reported. 
 
6 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
width not known’). 
Diagrams 
• Appropriate maps and sections (with scales) and tabulations of 
intercepts should be included for any significant discovery being 
reported These should include, but not be limited to a plan view of 
drill hole collar locations and appropriate sectional views. 
• Refer to figures in body for spatial context of surface samples. 
Balanced 
reporting 
• Where comprehensive reporting of all Exploration Results is not 
practicable, representative reporting of both low and high grades 
and/or widths should be practiced to avoid misleading reporting of 
Exploration Results. 
• All relevant data and targets discussed are included on plan view 
maps. 
Other 
substantive 
exploration 
data 
• Other exploration data, if meaningful and material, should be reported 
including (but not limited to): geological observations; geophysical 
survey results; geochemical survey results; bulk samples – size and 
method of treatment; metallurgical test results; bulk density, 
groundwater, geotechnical and rock characteristics; potential 
deleterious or contaminating substances. 
• 
No other material is considered material for this presentation. 
Further work 
• The nature and scale of planned further work (eg tests for lateral 
extensions or depth extensions or large-scale step-out drilling). 
• Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of possible extensions, 
including the main geological interpretations and future drilling areas, 
provided this information is not commercially sensitive. 
• Compiling and reinterpretation of geological and geophysical datasets. 
• Field reconnaissance visits and prospect scale mapping and 
associated rock chip sampling programs. 
• Twin selected holes to verify results. 
• Potential geophysical surveys where required. 
• Targeted drill programs. 
 
 
