JOIN FLYNN GOLD’S INTERACTIVE INVESTOR HUB
to interact with Flynn’s announcements and updates
by asking questions or making comments which our
team will respond to where possible
ASX Announcement
9 December 2024
Exploration Licence Granted at
Beaconsfield in NE Tasmania
Highlights
• Exploration Licence (EL13/2024) granted over 40km2 of highly
prospective exploration tenure surrounding the Beaconsfield
ASX: FG1
Gold Mine lease in NE Tasmania
ABN 82 644 122 216 • Beaconsfield is the largest gold mine in NE Tasmania with
historical production of 3.79Mt @ 14.5g/t Au for 1.77Moz Au
CAPITAL STRUCTURE
• EL13/2024 covers a prospective 12km corridor containing
Share Price: A$0.028
Cash (30/09/24): A$1.8M numerous historic gold workings and prospects with limited
Debt: Nil
exploration offering excellent discovery potential using modern
Ordinary Shares:261.3M
Market Cap: A$7.3M exploration techniques
Options
Listed (FG1O): 50.6M • Data compilation and reconnaissance exploration programs to
Unlisted Options: 0.4M
commence shortly, aimed at identifying priority targets
Performance Rights: 2.4M
• For further information or to post questions go to the Flynn Gold
BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Investor Hub at https://flynngold.com.au/link/WrAdxe
Clive Duncan
Non-Executive Chair
Flynn Gold Limited (ASX: FG1, “Flynn” or “the Company”) is
Neil Marston
pleased to advise that it has been granted Exploration Licence
Managing Director and CEO
EL13/2024, located within the Beaconsfield-Salisbury goldfield
Sam Garrett
approximately 35km north-west of Launceston in North-East
Technical Director
Tasmania (see Figure 1).
John Forwood
Non-Executive Director The 40km2 Exploration Licence surrounds the Mining Lease covering
the high-grade Beaconsfield Gold Mine and covers a highly
COMPANY SECRETARY
Mathew Watkins prospective 12km corridor that contains numerous historic gold
workings and prospects.
CONTACT
Level 4, 96-100 Albert Road, Flynn Gold Managing Director & CEO Neil Marston said:
South Melbourne,
Victoria, 3205
“The Beaconsfield licence complements our strategic focus on
+61 (0) 3 9692 7222 exploring for high-grade gold in North-East Tasmania, a recognized
info@flynngold.com.au extension of the prolific Victorian goldfields.
www.flynngold.com.au
“This Exploration Licence encompasses highly prospective ground
covering the strike extensions to the Beaconsfield Gold Mine host
sequence, which is the largest gold mine in North-East Tasmania with
historical production of about 1.8 million ounces of gold.”

“The numerous historic mine workings and prospects located on our licence indicate
that Flynn Gold has an exciting opportunity utilizing modern exploration techniques to
make new gold discoveries at Beaconsfield.”
Figure 1 – Location of Flynn Gold tenements in NE Tasmania.
About the Beaconsfield-Salisbury Goldfield
Alluvial gold was first discovered in the Beaconsfield-Salisbury area in 1869 and, in
1877, the cap of the Tasmania Reef (now known as the Beaconsfield Gold Mine) was
discovered outcropping on Cabbage Tree Hill.
Gold production commenced almost immediately, and the mine operated continuously
until 1914. The mine was reopened in more recent times, operating between 1999 and
2012, with the gold processing plant still largely intact within the Mining Lease.
Page 2 of 7 | ABN 82 644 122 216 | ASX: FG1
Level 4, 96-100 Albert Road, South Melbourne, Victoria, 3205
info@flynngold.com.au | www.flynngold.com.au

The mine’s historical production of 3.785Mt @ 14.51g/t Au (1,774koz Au)1 makes
Beaconsfield the largest gold mine in NE Tasmania.
Figure 2 – Beaconsfield Tenement Location Map.
The Tasmania Reef at the Beaconsfield Gold Mine is a Devonian aged structurally-
controlled orogenic gold style quartz reef similar in type to gold deposits hosted in the
Victorian orogenic belts. The reef is hosted by sediments located in the Cabbage Tree
thrust block, which is bound by the underlying and overlying Cabbage Tree and
Cobblestone Creek Thrusts respectively (see Figure 2).
1 See Note 1 for details
Page 3 of 7 | ABN 82 644 122 216 | ASX: FG1
Level 4, 96-100 Albert Road, South Melbourne, Victoria, 3205
info@flynngold.com.au | www.flynngold.com.au

Concurrently with the early development of the Beaconsfield Gold Mine, several other
small-scale mining and prospecting activities were undertaken throughout the wider
goldfield, many of which are within Flynn’s Exploration Licence area.
Over 70 historical small-scale mines and prospects are recorded over a 10km strike
length, with most of these prospects located within the same geological host rocks as
the Beaconsfield deposit.
Previous exploration outside of the Beaconsfield Gold Mine area is limited and many
targets within Flynn’s Exploration Licence area remain poorly tested using modern
techniques.
Next Steps
The Company will commence data compilation and reconnaissance programs shortly
to identify priority targets for follow-up exploration activities. The Company looks
forward to providing updates as the initial work progresses.
Approved by the Board of Flynn Gold Limited.
For more information contact:
Neil Marston Nicholas Read
Managing Director & CEO Media & Investor Relations
+61 3 9692 7222 +61 (0) 419 929 046
info@flynngold.com.au nicholas@readcorporate.com.au
Page 4 of 7 | ABN 82 644 122 216 | ASX: FG1
Level 4, 96-100 Albert Road, South Melbourne, Victoria, 3205
info@flynngold.com.au | www.flynngold.com.au

Note 1 - Beaconsfield Gold Mine
Historical Production:
1877-1914: 1.085Mt @ 24.5g/t Au (854koz Au) ( Ref: Hills, 2014)
1999-2012: 2.70Mt @ 10.5g/t Au (920koz Au) (Ref: Hills, 2017)
Total: 3.785Mt @ 14.51g/t Au (1,774koz Au)
References:
Hills, P.B., 2014. Tasmania Mine, Beaconsfield. in: Corbett, K.D., Quilty, P.G., and Calver, C.R., (Eds),
Geological Evolution of Tasmania.
Hills, P.B., 2017. Tasmania Gold Deposit, Beaconsfield. in: Australian Ore Deposits, AUSIMM
Monograph 32, 6th Edition.
Competent Person Statement
The information in this ASX Announcement that relates to Exploration Results is based on information
compiled by Mr Sean Westbrook, a Competent Person who is a Member of the Australian Institute of
Geoscientists. Mr Westbrook is a consultant to Flynn Gold and is a shareholder in Flynn Gold. Mr
Westbrook has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit
under consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined
in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources
and Ore Reserves’. Mr Westbrook consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his
information in the form and context in which it appears.
This announcement includes information that relates to Exploration Results prepared and first disclosed
under the JORC Code (2012) and extracted from the Company’s previous ASX announcements as
noted, and the Company’s Prospectus dated 30 March 2021. Copies of these announcements are
available from the ASX Announcements page of the Company’s website: www.flynnngold.com.au.
The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the
information included within the Prospectus dated 30 March 2021.
Forward Looking and Cautionary Statements
Some statements in this announcement regarding estimates or future events are forward-looking
statements. They include indications of, and guidance on, future earnings, cash flow, costs and financial
performance. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements preceded by words
such as “planned”, “expected”, “projected”, “estimated”, “may”, “scheduled”, “intends”, “anticipates”,
“believes”, “potential”, "predict", "foresee", "proposed", "aim", "target", "opportunity", “could”, “nominal”,
“conceptual” and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements, opinions and estimates included in
this report are based on assumptions and contingencies which are subject to change without notice, as
are statements about market and industry trends, which are based on interpretations of current market
conditions. Forward-looking statements are provided as a general guide only and should not be relied
on as a guarantee of future performance. Forward-looking statements may be affected by a range of
variables that could cause actual results to differ from estimated or anticipated results and may cause
the Company’s actual performance and financial results in future periods to materially differ from any
projections of future performance or results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
So, there can be no assurance that actual outcomes will not materially differ from these forward-looking
statements.
Page 5 of 7 | ABN 82 644 122 216 | ASX: FG1
Level 4, 96-100 Albert Road, South Melbourne, Victoria, 3205
info@flynngold.com.au | www.flynngold.com.au

About Flynn Gold Limited
Flynn Gold is an Australian mineral exploration company with a portfolio of projects in
Tasmania and Western Australia (see Figure 3). The Company has nine 100% owned
tenements located in northeast Tasmania which are highly prospective for gold as well as
tin/tungsten.
The Company also has the Henty zinc-lead-silver project on Tasmania’s mineral-rich west
coast and the Firetower gold and battery metals project located in northern Tasmania. Flynn
has also established a portfolio of gold-lithium exploration assets in the Pilbara and Yilgarn
regions of Western Australia.
For further information regarding Flynn Gold please visit the ASX platform (ASX: FG1) or the
Company’s website www.flynngold.com.au.
Figure 3 - Location Plan of Flynn Gold Projects
Page 6 of 7 | ABN 82 644 122 216 | ASX: FG1
Level 4, 96-100 Albert Road, South Melbourne, Victoria, 3205
info@flynngold.com.au | www.flynngold.com.au

About Tasmania
Tasmania is a globally recognised hub for mining and exploration, renowned for its rich
geological diversity and accessible, high-grade mineral deposits. With a long history of
prosperous mining activity, it is regarded as one of the most mineralised places on the
planet. The mining and mineral processing industries contribute significantly to the State’s
economy, accounting for over 60% of Tasmania’s export earnings, valued at nearly $3 billion
annually, and supporting approximately 6,800 jobs.
The state currently hosts 14 significant mining operations, including the Savage River
magnetite mine, the Henty gold mine, the Renison tin mine and Rosebery polymetallic base
metal mine – some of the longest continuously operating mines in Australia. The proximity
of mining and mineral processing sites to ports – most are within 100 kilometres – facilitates
access to global distribution channels, supported by world-class infrastructure and efficient
transport networks.
Tasmania is also a global leader in sustainable operations, generating 100% renewable
energy. With a target of achieving 200% renewable energy by 2040, the State is an
attractive destination for environmentally conscious investors and businesses aiming to
achieve genuine sustainability targets. This commitment to sustainability aligns with
Tasmania’s competitive edge as a forward-thinking mining destination. The State’s
workforce is stable, flexible, and innovative, with high retention rates and a strong industrial
relations framework, enhancing its appeal for long-term mining projects.
Despite its rich resources, Tasmania remains relatively under-explored compared to other
Australian states, presenting significant potential for new mineral discoveries. The
Tasmanian Government has recently launched its Critical Minerals Strategy, focusing on
increasing exploration, supporting critical minerals projects, promoting on-island processing
and value-adding, and expanding the State’s trade and investment footprint in critical
minerals.
Government initiatives such as the Exploration Drilling Grant Initiative (EDGI) provide
financial support to greenfield exploration by co-funding drilling projects. These programs,
administered by Mineral Resources Tasmania (MRT), are complemented by state-of-the-art
geo-scientific data and a strong legislative framework that supports exploration and
development.
Combining geological richness, sustainability credentials, strategic infrastructure, and
robust government support, Tasmania offers a compelling destination for mining and
exploration companies. Its untapped potential and forward-thinking approach position it as
a leader in the development of the next generation of mining projects.
Sources: Tasmanian Government, https://www.mrt.tas.gov.au/, Tasmania introduces new Critical Minerals Strategy
Australian Mining, https://www.australian mining.com.au/tasmania-introduces-new-critical-minerals-strategy/
Page 7 of 7 | ABN 82 644 122 216 | ASX: FG1
Level 4, 96-100 Albert Road, South Melbourne, Victoria, 3205
info@flynngold.com.au | www.flynngold.com.au

