ASX / Media Announcement
27 November 2024
FALCON ACQUIRES CRATON MARGIN GOLD PROJECT IN WA
• Falcon to earn up to a 70% interest in E09/2457 from Errawarra Resources
• E09/2457 is situated in the Errabiddy shear zone on the north-western margin of the Yilgarn
Craton and has a similar structural setting to the 5.4Moz1 Tropicana Gold Mine
• The Olsen Well gold target, in the central part of the permit, is a 3km long untested soil
anomaly, with a peak of 0.23g/t Au in soil, that remains open along strike in both directions
• Falcon’s recent 100% application adjacent to E09/2457 expands the project area further east
along the Errabiddy shear zone
• Initial phase of confirmatory soil sampling planned for Olsen Well in the first half of 2025
with drilling to follow
Falcon Metals Limited (ASX: FAL) (“Falcon” or “the Company”) advises that it has entered into an
Earn-in, Joint Venture and Mineral Rights Agreement with ASX-listed Errawarra Resources (ASX: ERW)
(“Errawarra”), granting Falcon the right to earn up to a 70% interest in Exploration Licence E09/2457
covering all minerals excluding graphite (the “License”).
The 519km2 license covers a 42km strike extent of the Errabiddy shear zone, located along the
northern margin of the Yilgarn Craton, 220km northwest of Meekatharra (see Figure 1). Falcon has
further increased the size of the ground holding in the project area with application E09/2984 covering
an additional 102km2 and extending coverage of the Errabiddy shear zone strike extent 22km to the
east. This new project is referred to as the Errabiddy Gold Project (see Figure 2).
The Errabiddy Gold Project
The Errabiddy shear zone is a compelling Cratonic margin gold target. This shear zone demarcates the
boundary between the Yilgarn Craton and the Glenburgh Terrane of the Capricorn Orogen. Craton
margins are prospective for the formation of large gold deposits, including the Tropicana deposit that
was discovered on the eastern margin of the Yilgarn Craton in 2005 through the follow up of a regional
public domain gold-in-soil anomaly. Tropicana was the first world-class gold deposit discovered in
high-grade metamorphic gneissic rocks in an Archaean terrane, not previously considered prospective
for gold. The 2.6Moz2 Karlawinda Gold Project is another recently discovered gold deposit in a similar
setting on the southern margin of the Pilbara Craton.
The Errabiddy shear zone contains known gold mineralisation, including the Big Sky Prospect,
discovered less than 3km from the eastern boundary of E09/2984 by Lodestar Minerals in 2015 3. The
Glenburgh deposit, sold by Spartan Resources to Benz Mining in November 2024, is also considered
to be a cratonic margin deposit. This is located 35km to the northeast of Olsen Well, with a current
Resource of 16.3Mt @ 1.0g/t for 510,000 ounces4 of gold.
1 https://www.anglogoldashanti.com/
2 https://capmetals.com.au/investor-centre/presentations “Presentation Diggers & Dealers August 2024
3 ASX announcement: LSR 20 October 2015 “Extremely high-grade gold up to 105g/t in RC drilling at Big sky”
4 ASX announcement: BNZ 6 November 2024 “Benz to acquire WA gold projects from Spartan Resources”
Falcon Metals Limited T: +61 3 8648 6684 1
ASX: FAL E: info@falconmetals.com.au
Level 6, 350 Collins St, Melbourne VIC 3000 www.falconmetals.com.au
PO Box 106, Flinders Lane VIC 8009 ABN 87 651 893 097

Figure 1 Location of the Errabiddy Gold Project in relation to the West Australian Craton
Falcon Metals Limited ASX: FAL 2

The Errabiddy Gold Project is highly prospective and remains underexplored with no exploration
drilling for gold having occurred within the project tenure.
Errawarra identified the Olsen Well target from a review of public domain Bulk Leach Extractable Gold
(BLEG) stream sediment data that highlighted this area from the sampling conducted by Peregrine
Gold Mining NL in 1994. Additionally, regional geochemical sampling by the Geological Survey of
Western Australia, with a 4km spaced geochemical grid, detected a 6 ppb Au anomaly near Olsen Well.
Figure 2 Errabiddy Gold Project tenements
In 2021, Errawarra completed a high resolution aeromagnetic survey over E09/2457, consisting of
100m spaced flight lines over the entire tenement. An ultrafine soil sampling program over the Olsen
Well target, undertaken in 2023, defined a 3km by 1km 10ppb gold anomaly with coincident arsenic
and bismuth, with a peak gold value of 234ppb Au. This anomaly remains open along strike, with areas
in similar structural and geological positions yet to be soil sampled (See Figure 3).
The agreement with Errawarra provides Falcon with the opportunity to test the compelling gold target
already defined at Olsen Well and potentially generate new targets along strike on this prospective
structure. The proposed initial work program will focus on confirmatory soil sampling at Olsen Well
in the first half of 2025 and a potential drilling program to follow.
Falcon Metals Limited ASX: FAL 3

Figure 3 Soil anomaly at the Olsen Well Target on detailed magnetic image (second vertical derivative)
Agreement terms
• Falcon has the right to earn an interest up to 70% in the License from Errawarra by incurring the
following staged expenditure:
o Stage 1: $750,000 in expenditure within 24 months to earn a 51% interest
o Stage 2: $1,250,000 in expenditure within 36 months from earning the Stage 1
interest to earn a further 19%
• Minimum expenditure commitment of $200,000 prior to withdrawal, which includes $80,000 in
cash reimbursement to Errawarra for expenditure incurred to date
• Once the Stage 2 Earn-in has been achieved, contribution to the joint venture will be on a pro
rata basis:
o If a joint venture participant elects not to contribute its pro rata share of the approved
program and budget, its interest will be diluted pursuant to the formula in the
agreement
o If Errawarra’s interest dilutes to 10% or less, its interest will convert to a 2% NSR
Royalty
o Alternatively, once the Stage 2 Earn-in has been achieved, Errawarra has the option
to elect to convert its percentage interest to a 2% NSR Royalty
o Falcon has the right but not the obligation to purchase 50% of the NSR Royalty back
for $2,000,000
• Falcon has the right to withdraw from the agreement as long as the minimum expenditure
commitment of $200,000 is incurred
Falcon Metals Limited ASX: FAL 4

This announcement has been approved for release by the Board of Falcon Metals.
For more information, please contact:
Tim Markwell Media and Investor Queries
Managing Director Ben Creagh
tmarkwell@falconmetals.com.au benc@nwrcommunications.com.au
COMPETENT PERSON STATEMENT:
The information contained within this announcement relates to exploration results based on and fairly represents information
compiled and reviewed by Mr Doug Winzar who is a Member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr Winzar is a full-
time employee of Falcon Metals Limited and has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type
of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the
2012 edition of the “Australian Code for Reporting Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves”. Mr Winzar
consents to the inclusion in the documents of the matters based on this information in the form and context in which it appears.
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENT:
This announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements, guidance, forecasts, estimates, prospects, projections or
statements in relation to future matters that may involve risks or uncertainties and may involve significant items of subjective
judgement and assumptions of future events that may or may not eventuate (Forward Statements). Forward Statements can
generally be identified by the use of forward looking words such as "anticipate", "estimates", "will", "should", "could", "may",
"expects", "plans", "forecast", "target" or similar expressions and may include, without limitation, statements regarding plans,
strategies and objectives of management, anticipated production and expected costs. Indications of, and guidance on future
earnings, cash flows, costs, financial position and performance are also forward-looking statements. Forward looking
statements, opinions and estimates included in this announcement are based on assumptions and contingencies which are
subject to change, without notice, as are statements about market and industry trends, which are based on interpretation of
current market conditions. Forward looking statements are provided as a general guide only and should not be relied on as a
guarantee of future performance.
Falcon Metals Limited ASX: FAL 5

