ASX: ALY
30 September 2024
BOARD AND MANAGEMENT
Alchemy executes lithium partnership
MR LINDSAY DUDFIELD
NON-EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN with Japanese Government agency
MR JAMES WILSON
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER
JOGMEC
MS LIZA CARPENE
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
MR ANTHONY HO
HIGHLIGHTS
NON-EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR
MS CARLY TERZANIDIS
COMPANY SECRETARY
▪ Farm-in and Joint Venture (“JV”) agreement has been signed between Alchemy
and Japan Organization for Metals and Energy Security (“JOGMEC”).
▪ The JV covers sections of the Roe Hills target areas covering 248km2 of Alchemy’s
PROJECTS
694km2 Karonie Lithium and Gold Project. The areas are considered highly
KARONIE (ALY 100%) prospective for the discovery of lithium similar in style to the neighbouring Manna
lithium deposit owned by Global Lithium Resources (ASX:GL1) located in the
LAKE REBECCA (ALY 100%)
adjacent tenure to the east.
LACHLAN (ALY 80%)
▪ JOGMEC has the right to earn 51% interest by expending $6,000,000 by 31 March
WEST LYNN (ALY 80%) 2029 with a minimum expenditure commitment of $600,000 by 31 March 2025.
BRYAH BASIN IRON ORE (ALY 50%) ▪ Alchemy will manage exploration during the farm-in period.
BRYAH JOINT VENTURE (ALY 20% / CYL ▪ The farm-in and JV is subject to Australian Foreign Investment Review Board
80%) (“FIRB”) approval.
Alchemy Resources Limited (ASX: ALY) (“Alchemy” or “the Company”) is pleased to
announce it has entered into a Farm-in and Joint Venture agreement with JOGMEC for
HEAD OFFICE
it to earn up to 51% of the Roe Hills tenure owned by the Company, located in Western
Alchemy Resources Ltd
Australia, by funding up to $6,000,000 of exploration expenditure. Alchemy will act as
Unit 8/8 Clive St
West Perth, WA 6004 operator of the project during the Farm-in period. Subject to JOGMEC earning a vested
interest in the project tenements, the companies will form a joint venture. JOGMEC is
PO Box 8415
Perth 6000 a Japanese government incorporated administrative agency which seeks to secure
stable resource supplies for Japan. Details about JOGMEC can be found on the
T: 08 9481-4400
E: info@alchemyresources.com.au corporation’s website at www.jogmec.go.jp/english/index.html.,
W: www.alchemyresources.com.au
Chief Executive Officer Mr James Wilson commented: “This is a fantastic outcome for
ABN: 17 124 444 122
Alchemy and a great endorsement for the Karonie project and we look forward to
working with the team at JOGMEC to explore this prospective area. The Farm-in and JV
deal gives a clear path for exploration at Roe Hills in the medium term, and along with
our existing gold exploration plans in the region, provides JOGMEC and Alchemy the
best opportunity for exploration success in the region. Exploration has been ongoing
through the year and has resulted in the delineation of several priority targets which
we plan on testing once the requisite approvals are in place.”

TABLE:
 | “This is a fantastic outcome for
Alchemy and a great endorsement for the Karonie project and we look forward to | 
working with the team at JOGMEC to explore this prospective area. The Farm-in and JV | 
deal gives a clear path for exploration at Roe Hills in the medium term, and along with | 
our existing gold exploration plans in the region, provides JOGMEC and Alchemy the | 
best opportunity for exploration success in the region. Exploration has been ongoing | 
through the year and has resulted in the delineation of several priority targets which | 
we plan on testing once the requisite approvals are in place.” | 

Figure 1: Alchemy’s Karonie Project showing JOGMEC Farm-in and JV area at Roe Hills.
Material Details of the JV Agreement
• The Farm-in and JV is over sections of the Roe Hills tenure comprising approximately 248km2 of the 694km2
Karonie Gold and Lithium Project. Tenements related to the Farm-in include E28/2976, E28/2681 and E28/2880.
• During the Farm-in period, JOGMEC can achieve a 51% interest in the project by expending $6,000,000 by 31
March 2029. The Farm-in period is staged as follows, noting that JOGMEC earns its interest after the completion
of the fifth and final Farm-in period.
Alchemy Resources Limited – ASX Announcement Page | 2

o The first Farm-in period requires a minimum expenditure of $600,000 by 31 March 2025 before JOGMEC
can withdraw from the agreement,
o The second Farm-in period is for an aggregate expenditure of $1,800,000 by 31 March 2026,
o The third Farm-in period is for an aggregate expenditure of $3,000,000 by 31 March 2027,
o The fourth Farm-in period is for an aggregate expenditure of $4,500,000 by 31 March 2028, and
o The fifth Farm-in period is for an aggregate expenditure of $6,000,000 by 31 March 2029.
• JOGMEC may elect to accelerate payment of any Farm-in expenditure.
• Upon completion of the fifth Farm-in period, each of Alchemy and JOGMEC (“Party”) can elect to contribute to its
pro-rata share of future funding. If a Party does not contribute and is diluted to an ownership of less than 10% of
the JV, the Party’s equitable interest will convert to a 1% Net Smelter Royalty.
• The exploration JV remains subject to the following conditions precedent:
o JOGMEC obtaining FIRB approval.
ABOUT THE ROE HILLS PROSPECTS
Roe Hills lies along a distinctive structural trend from the pegmatite field that hosts the Manna Lithium deposit (51.6Mt
@ 1.0% Li O1), 5km to the north-east and owned by Global Lithium Resources (ASX: GL1). Geological Survey of Western
2
Australia mapping has identified a high-density of narrow plagioclase dykes, porphyritic dykes and quartz veins adjacent
to a granite contact zone. Multi-element soil sampling conducted by Alchemy in 2018-2024 highlighted multiple areas of
low-level lithium anomalism and coincident pathfinder anomalism across a broad strike extent. Mapped dykes appear to
have a north-south strike extent, parallel to the greenstone/granite contact, however most of the areas around the known
mapped dykes are covered by alluvium and it is likely that these areas are far more extensive than the known outcrops.
Soil sampling was recently carried out at Roe Hills and was aimed at gaining a complete dataset on the western side of the
Cardunia Granite, adjacent to the Manna lithium deposit. Wide spaced soil sampling was first completed in 2019 and
identified several lithium pathfinder anomalies, with recent follow up soil sampling completed on a 400m x 400m offset
grid spacing. Results outlined multiple large-scale anomalies within a 15km x 3km zone, a 12km x 6km zone and a third
area of 3.5km x 3.5km.
ABOUT ALCHEMY RESOURCES
Alchemy Resources Limited (ASX: ALY; “Alchemy” or the “Company”) is an Australian exploration company focused on
growth through the discovery and development of gold, base metal and battery metals within Australia. Alchemy has built
a significant land package in the Carosue Dam - Karonie greenstone belt in the Eastern Goldfields region in Western
Australia and has an 80% interest in the Lachlan/Cobar Basin Projects in New South Wales. Alchemy also has an interest
in the Bryah Basin Project, located in the gold, iron ore and base metal-rich Gascoyne region of Western Australia, where
Catalyst Metals (ASX: CYL) is continuing to advance gold exploration.
1 Refer to GL1 ASX Announcement 12 June 2024
Alchemy Resources Limited – ASX Announcement Page | 3

TABLE:
Roe Hills lies along a distinctive structural trend from the pegmatite field that hosts the Manna Lithium deposit (51.6Mt
@ 1.0% Li O1), 5km to the north-east and owned by Global Lithium Resources (ASX: GL1). Geological Survey of Western
2
Australia mapping has identified a high-density of narrow plagioclase dykes, porphyritic dykes and quartz veins adjacent
to a granite contact zone. Multi-element soil sampling conducted by Alchemy in 2018-2024 highlighted multiple areas of
low-level lithium anomalism and coincident pathfinder anomalism across a broad strike extent. Mapped dykes appear to
have a north-south strike extent, parallel to the greenstone/granite contact, however most of the areas around the known
mapped dykes are covered by alluvium and it is likely that these areas are far more extensive than the known outcrops.

Soil sampling was recently carried out at Roe Hills and was aimed at gaining a complete dataset on the western side of the
Cardunia Granite, adjacent to the Manna lithium deposit. Wide spaced soil sampling was first completed in 2019 and
identified several lithium pathfinder anomalies, with recent follow up soil sampling completed on a 400m x 400m offset
grid spacing. Results outlined multiple large-scale anomalies within a 15km x 3km zone, a 12km x 6km zone and a third
area of 3.5km x 3.5km.

This announcement has been approved for release by the Board.
For further information please contact:
James Wilson
Chief Executive Officer
E: james@alchemyresources.com.au
P: 08 9481-4400
Forward looking statements This announcement contains “forward-looking statements”, including statements about the scheduling
of exploration and drilling programs. All statements other than those of historical facts included in this announcement, are forward-
looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, which could cause actual events
or results to differ materially from future events or results expressed, projected or implied by such forward-looking statements. The
Company does not undertake to release publicly any revisions to any “forward-looking statement” to reflect events or circumstances
after the date of this announcement, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as may be required under applicable
securities laws.
Alchemy Resources Limited – ASX Announcement Page | 4

