ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
12 July 2024
New tenure granted directly adjacent to Wildcat
Resources and Sayona Mining
The Company has been granted E45/6863 after winning its ballot application.
E45/6863 covers ~67.5km2 and is directly adjacent to tenure held by Wildcat
Resources (ASX: WC8) and Sayona Mining (ASX: SYA), in the Pilbara region of
Western Australia.
Great Dirt Resources Limited (ASX:GR8) (“Great Dirt” or “the Company”) is pleased to confirm it has
expanded its WA exploration portfolio following a successful ballot application. E45/6863 is in one
of the most prominent lithium regions in Western Australia, and worldwide, being approximately
43km from Pilbara Minerals (ASX: PLS), Pilgangoora Lithium Project.
The Company continues to search for nominal cost asset acquisitions which are close to tier one
assets, across a range of commodities, with a focus on battery minerals.
GR8 looks forward to providing an update to shareholders when its proposed maiden drilling
campaign commences later this month, at the flagship Doherty and Basin Projects in NSW.
Great Dirt’s assets now include:
Manganese:
 The Company’s flagship asset, the Doherty and Basin Projects, contained within EL9527,
Northern New South Wales; and
 The Nullagine Project, tenements E45/6949 and E45/6950, approximately 50km northeast of
Consolidated Mineral’s Woodie Woodie manganese mine in the East Pilbara region of Western
Australia (ASX Announcement 31 May 2024 and 18 June 2024).
Lithium:
 E45/6863, directly adjacent to Wildcat Resources (ASX: WC8) and Sayona Mining (ASX: SYA), in
the Pilbara region of Western Australia.
Great Dirt Resources Limited | Level 4, 216 St Georges
Terrace, Perth, WA 6000 | PH +61 8 9429 8842
ACN 670 840 301 | www.greatdirt.com.au

Figure 1: Great Dirt’s newly acquired E45/6863 adjoining Wildcat Resources (ASX: WC8) and Sayona Mining
(ASX: SYA), and approximately 43km from Pilbara Minerals (ASX: PLS), Pilgangoora Lithium Project.
Authorised for release to the ASX by the Board of Great Dirt Resources LTD:
For further information, please visit or contact:
www.greatdirt.com.au
info@greatdirt.com.au
Great Dirt Resources Limited | Level 4, 216 St Georges Terrace, Perth, WA 6000 | PH +61 8 9429 8842 | ACN 670 840 301 | www.greatdirt.com.au

About Great Dirt Resources
Great Dirts’ Doherty and Basin Projects are contained within EL 9527, which is located near the Barabba township, in
northern NSW. These projects are prospective for high grade manganese, with both projects having produced
metallurgical and battery grade manganese historically. The Doherty Project comprises the old Doherty and Junior Mines,
plus other workings and occurrences of manganese. The Basin Project contains several smaller manganese workings.
From 1941, for two decades, mines of the Doherty Project produced around 9,000 tonnes of battery and metallurgical
grade manganese, both from opencut and underground operations. The battery grade ore was delivered to Eveready in
Sydney for use in dry cell batteries, the metallurgical grade ore was purchased by BHP for use in steel production.
Great Dirt believes that historical work, while having discovered manganese, is unlikely to have located all sources in the
area. Floaters, large rock fragments in the weathering profile, of high-grade manganese ore reported outside of known
mine areas are a direct indication of unidentified manganese mineralisation. Additionally, notes on the mineral
occurrences of the area refer to extensions and deposits along strike that were not mined.
A program of modern, systematic, geochemical and geophysical surveys will test known targets and their extents, and
could locate blind deposits that previously went unrecognised. Subsurface geophysical methods and drilling is likely to
yield further targets that could potentially be developed into projects to produce metallurgical and possible battery grade
manganese.
Great Dirt Resources Limited has significantly expanded its manganese exploration portfolio following the acquisition of
two tenements (E45/6949 and E45/6950 – the ‘Nullagine Project’), ~ 50km northeast of Consolidated Minerals Woodie
Woodie manganese mine, in the Shire of East Pilbara, Western Australia.
Competent Person’s Statement
Information in this announcement that relates to exploration results is based on and fairly represents information and
supporting documentation prepared and compiled by Mr Michael Leu, who is a Member of the Australian Institute of
Geoscientists and a Member of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy. Mr Leu is the geological consultant
for Great Dirt Resources Limited. Mr Michael Leu has sufficient experience, which is relevant to the style of
mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a
Competent Person, as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting Exploration Results, Mineral
Resources and Ore Reserves. Mr Michael Leu consents to the inclusion in the announcement of the matters based on
this information in the form and context in which it appears.
No New Information
Except where explicitly stated, this announcement contains references to prior exploration results, all of which have
been cross-referenced to previous market announcements made by the Company. The Company confirms that it is not
aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the relevant market
announcements.
Forward Looking Statement
This report contains forward looking statements concerning the projects owned by Great Dirt Resources Limited. If
applicable, statements concerning mining reserves and resources may also be deemed to be forward looking
statements in that they involve estimates based on specific assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not
statements of historical fact and actual events and results may differ materially from those described in the forward-
looking statements as a result of a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Forward looking statements are
based on management’s beliefs, opinions and estimates as of the dates the forward looking statements are made and
no obligation is assumed to update forward looking statements if these beliefs, opinions and estimates should change
or to reflect other future developments.
Great Dirt Resources Limited | Level 4, 216 St Georges Terrace, Perth, WA 6000 | PH +61 8 9429 8842 | ACN 670 840 301 | www.greatdirt.com.au

