A S X  A N N OU N C E M E N T  
 17 February 2025 
1 valued using a deemed issue price equal to the volume weighted average price of fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of 
Capricorn as traded on the Australian Securities Exchange for the 20 trading days up to and including the trading day prior to 
Completion. 
SALE OF DEADMAN FLAT AND PERRY CREEK 
TO CAPRICORN METALS COMPLETE 
 
HIGHLIGHTS 
• 
Agreement with Capricorn Metals Limited (Capricorn) for the sale of the 
Deadman Flat and Perry Creek Project now complete 
• 
Consideration of A$1.5 million of shares in a leading ASX gold producer 
received  
• 
Project upside maintained via execution of NSR Royalty and up to A$2.25 
million in contingent milestone payments  
 
Peregrine Gold Limited (“Peregrine” or the “Company”) (ASX: PGD) is pleased to announce 
the agreement executed by the Company (ASX: PGD 23 January 2025), via its wholly owned 
subsidiary Pilbara Gold Exploration Pty Ltd, to sell its Deadman Flat and Perry Creek Project 
to Greenmount Resources Pty Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of Capricorn Metals Limited 
(ASX: CMM) ( (“Transaction”) has completed and A$1.5 million1 of fully paid ordinary shares 
in Capricorn has been received. 
The Deadman Flat and Perry Creek Project (Figure 1) is located in the most southern part of 
the Newman Gold Project and west of Capricorn Metals Ltd (Capricorn) Karlawinda Gold 
Project, comprising tenements E52/3841 and E52/3932 (Tenements).  
 
Figure 1: Location of Deadman Flat Project 
 
Consideration 
The Company confirms the following consideration applies to the Transaction. 
Received 
A$1.5 million (ex GST) in fully paid ordinary shares of Capricorn valued using a deemed issue 
price equal to the 20 trading day volume weighted average price up to and including the trading 
day prior to Completion. 
Resource Payment Milestone 
A$0.75 million (ex GST) payable upon the delineation and announcement of a JORC compliant 
Mineral Resource Estimate by Capricorn, of at least 200,000 ounces of gold on one or more 
of the Tenements. 
Mining Payment Milestone 
A$0.75 million (ex GST) payable upon Capricorn announcing a board decision has been made 
to commence a stand-alone commercial mining operation on one or more of the Tenements, 
limited to one payment per tenement.  
Net Smelter Royalty (NSR) 
The Company to receive a 1% NSR in respect of the sale of all precious minerals and a 1.5% 
NSR in respect of the sale of all non-precious minerals extracted from the Tenements. 
Technical Director of Peregrine Mr. George Merhi commented: 
“Having recently announced the receipt of over $1.7 million in proceeds from our Entitlement 
Issue and as of today, the receipt of $1.5 million in shares in Capricorn, an ASX leading gold 
producer, the Company has commenced the new year in a significantly improved financial 
position. We look forward to a ramp up in exploration activity and news flow on our 100% 
owned ground and excited to see the future developments on the very prospective Deadman 
Flat and Perry Creek Project now under Capricorn control”. 
For further information, please contact:   
George Merhi   
 
 
 
Technical Director 
 
 
 
 
Tel: +61 418 831 069  
 
This ASX Announcement has been approved in accordance with the Company’s published continuous disclosure 
policy and authorised for release by the Company Board of Directors. 
 
