ASX Release
23 January 2025
Completion of Due Diligence on Adelong Gold Project
Great Divide Mining Ltd (the Company or GDM) (ASX:GDM) is pleased to announce that it today completed
its’ Due Diligence on the Adelong Gold Project for the potential transaction with Adelong Gold Ltd (ASX:ADG).
Key Points:
• Due Dligence at Adelong mine site completed by GDM
• Results of due diligence are considered satisfactory
• Due Diligence results will enable binding agreements to proceed
Commenting on the due diligence results, Chairman of Great Divide Mining, Paul Ryan, said:
“We took a GDM ‘hands-on’ approach to the due diligence, with senior personnel on-site working side-by-side
with technical experts. This enabled more immediate and direct communication, resulting in shortened time
lines, with several key pieces of equipment already re-commissioned.”
GDM announced on 11 November 2024 that it had signed a binding term she for the issue of shares with
Adelong Gold Ltd (ASX:ADG) and its wholly owned subsidiary Challenger Mines Pty Ltd (CMPL) to recommence
the operations of the historic Adelong Gold Mine. This agreement and the change in the nature of GDM’s
business was approved by Shareholders at an Extraordinary General Meeting held on 7th January, 2025.
GDM having completed Due Diligence on the CMPL assets, and being satisfied with the results, will now move
to finalise binding agreements which upon execution will enable GDM to acquire a 15% holding in CMPL and
become operator of CMPL. GDM’s focus will be on rapidly moving the Adelong Gold Mine back onto a
production footing.
GDM thanks its Shareholders for their continuing support, and the co-operation of ADG during the due diligence
period, as the Company continues to move to an operational footing.
ASX release authorised by the Board of Great Divide Mining Ltd.
For further information:
Justin Haines
Chief Executive Officer
e: justin.haines@greatdividemining.com.au
About Great Divide Mining Ltd (ASX: GDM)
Great Divide Mining is a Gold, Antimony and critical metals explorer and developer in Queensland, with four projects across
twelve tenements (including one in application). GDM’s focus is on developing assets within areas of historical mining and
past exploration with nearby infrastructure, thus enabling rapid development. Through a staged exploration and development
programme, GDM intends to generate cash flow from its initial projects to support further exploration across its portfolio of
highly prospective tenements.
Great Divide Mining Ltd
ACN 655 868 803
GPO Box 154 Brisbane QLD 4001
greatdividemining.com.au

