20 November 2024
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
TGN to Acquire
Mt Mulgine Project Assets
Highlights
• Tungsten Mining NL ("TGN") has executed an agreement with Minjar Gold Pty Ltd ("Minjar") to acquire the assets
comprising the Mt Mulgine Project including the tenements, mining information, water licence and contracts.
• Following completion of the acquisition, TGN will hold all interests, rights, and title in the tenements comprising
the Mt Mulgine Project.
• TGN is the logical acquirer of the Mt Mulgine Project as it already holds the tungsten and molybdenum rights
relating to the Mt Mulgine tenements.
• Purchase consideration of $3.3M cash and the assumption of environmental liabilities.
• Completion is conditional upon receipt of Ministerial consent under the Mining Act 1978 (WA).
Australian tungsten developer, Tungsten Mining NL (ASX:TGN) (“TGN” or “the Company”) is pleased to announce
that it has conditionally agreed to acquire the assets comprising the Mt Mulgine Project including all interests, rights,
and title in the Mt Mulgine tenements (refer table 1), mining information, water licence and contracts held by Minjar
Gold Pty Ltd (“Minjar”).
Tungsten Mining’s Chairman Gary Lyons commented: “We are pleased to have agreed terms with Minjar to acquire
the assets comprising the Mt Mulgine Project, this gives the Company rights to explore, then hopefully develop, all
minerals on the Mt Mulgine tenements beyond tungsten and molybdenum. The ownership of these tenements is an
important step as we seek to unlock value in our most important project for our shareholders."
Mt Mulgine Project Background
TGN, through its wholly owned subsidiary Mid-West Tungsten Pty Ltd (“MWT”), acquired 100% of the tungsten and
molybdenum rights to the Mt Mulgine Project in late 2015 (Refer ASX Release dated 26 October 2015 titled “Tungsten
Mining to acquire Hazelwood’s Australian tungsten assets” and ASX Release dated 15 December 2015 titled
“Hazelwood Projects Acquisition Completed”).
It is located within the Murchison Region of Western Australia, approximately 350km north northeast of Perth. The
TGN group has 100% of the tungsten and molybdenum rights on a contiguous group of tenements that have been
the subject of significant previous exploration for tungsten and molybdenum.

Figure 1: Mt Mulgine Project location
The TGN group has the rights to all by-products from the mining of tungsten and molybdenum, which include gold,
silver and copper. Minjar is the registered holder of the Mt Mulgine tenements and holds all mineral rights other than
tungsten and molybdenum, as stated above.
Since its acquisition, the Mt Mulgine Project has remained the highest priority and is responsible for the majority of
activities for the TGN group.
Details of the Acquisition Agreement
TGN and MWT have executed an agreement with Minjar to acquire the assets comprising the Mt Mulgine Project
including all interests, rights, and title in the Mt Mulgine tenements (refer table 1), mining information, water licence
and contracts. Details of the agreement are as follows:
• Purchase consideration is $3,300,000 payable in cash (excluding stamp duty that is payable by TGN) and the
assumption of outstanding environmental liabilities relating to the assets or land the subject of the Mt Mulgine
tenements. MWT paid $330,000 to Minjar as a deposit on execution. The balance is payable on completion.
• Completion is conditional upon receipt of Ministerial consent under the Mining Act 1978 (WA) in relation to the
transfer of the Mt Mulgine tenements and water licence.
• Title to, and risk in, the assets the subject of the agreement passes from Minjar to MWT at completion.
• The agreements under which MWT holds the tungsten and molybdenum rights with Minjar are to be terminated.
• No TGN shareholder approvals are required in connection with the agreement. No changes will be made to the
TGN board of directors or senior management as a result of the transaction.
• TGN has guaranteed the obligations of MWT under the agreement.
The agreement otherwise contains terms (including representations and warranties) usual for an agreement of this
nature including obligations on Minjar to conduct its affairs in relation to the assets in the usual and ordinary course
pending completion.

Completion will occur on the last business day of the month in which Ministerial consent is obtained or, if that consent
is obtained within the last five business days of the month, the last business day of the following month. MWT must
use all reasonable endeavours to satisfy the conditions precedent as soon as practicable after execution and in any
event prior to the sunset date, being the date that is four months after execution. If the condition is not satisfied by
the sunset date, either party may terminate the agreement.
Tenement Name Tenement Number
Mt Mulgine E59/1324-I
Mt Mulgine M59/386-I
Mt Mulgine M59/387-I
Mt Mulgine M59/425-I
Table 1: Mt Mulgine Tenements to be acquired from Minjar
-ENDS-
For further information:
Teck Wong Gary Lyons
Chief Executive Officer Chairman
Ph: +61 8 9486 8492 Ph: +61 8 9486 8492
E: teck@tungstenmining.com E: garylyons@heiniger.com.au
This ASX announcement was authorised for release by the Board of Tungsten Mining NL.
About Tungsten Mining
Australian tungsten developer, Tungsten Mining NL is an Australian based resources company listed on the
Australian Securities Exchange. The Company’s prime focus is the exploration and development of tungsten
projects in Australia.
Tungsten (chemical symbol W), occurs naturally on Earth, not in its pure form but as a constituent of other
minerals, only two of which support commercial extraction and processing - wolframite ((Fe, Mn) WO ) and
4
scheelite (CaWO ).
4
Tungsten has the highest melting point of all elements except carbon – around 3400°C giving it excellent high
temperature mechanical properties and the lowest expansion coefficient of all metals. Tungsten is a metal of
considerable strategic importance, essential to modern industrial development (across aerospace and defence,
electronics, automotive, extractive and construction sectors) with uses in cemented carbides, high-speed steels
and super alloys, tungsten mill products and chemicals.
Through exploration and acquisition, the Company has established a globally significant tungsten resource
inventory in its portfolio of advanced mineral projects across Australia. This provides the platform for the
Company to become a major player within the global primary tungsten market through the development of low-
cost tungsten concentrate production.

TABLE:
 | Tenement Name |  |  | Tenement Number | 
Mt Mulgine |  |  | E59/1324-I |  | 
Mt Mulgine |  |  | M59/386-I |  | 
Mt Mulgine |  |  | M59/387-I |  | 
Mt Mulgine |  |  | M59/425-I |  | 

