 
 
 
17 December 2024 
 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
 
 
 
 
TGN Completes Settlement to Acquire 
Mt Mulgine Project Assets 
Highlights 
• 
Tungsten Mining confirms completion and settlement of the executed agreement with Minjar Gold to acquire the 
assets comprising the Mt Mulgine Project including the tenements, mining information, water licence and 
contracts. 
• 
Tungsten Mining now holds all interests, rights, and title in the tenements comprising the Mt Mulgine Project. 
• 
Purchase consideration was $3.3M cash and the assumption of environmental liabilities. 
 
Australian tungsten developer, Tungsten Mining NL (ASX:TGN) (“TGN” or “the Company”), is pleased to announce 
that following satisfaction of conditions precedent it has now completed settlement and has acquired the assets comprising 
the Mt Mulgine Project including all interests, rights, and title in the Mt Mulgine tenements, mining information, water 
licence and contracts held by Minjar Gold Pty Ltd (“Minjar”) 
Refer ASX Announcement on 20 November 2024 titled “TGN to Acquire Mt Mulgine Project Assets”. 
Tungsten Mining’s Chairman Gary Lyons commented: “This acquisition gives the Company rights to explore, all 
minerals on the Mt Mulgine tenements including gold and other minerals beyond tungsten and molybdenum.  I would 
like to thank the TGN team and Minjar for their work to complete this transaction."   
Mt Mulgine Project 
 
TGN, through its wholly owned subsidiary Mid-West Tungsten Pty Ltd (“MWT”), holds the tenements comprising the 
Mt Mulgine Project (refer Table 1).  It is located within the Murchison Region of Western Australia, approximately 
350km north northeast of Perth (Figure 1). 
Tenement Name 
Tenement Number 
Mt Mulgine 
E59/1324-I 
Mt Mulgine 
M59/386-I 
Mt Mulgine 
M59/387-I 
Mt Mulgine 
M59/425-I 
Table 1: Mt Mulgine Tenements 
 
 
Figure 1: Mt Mulgine Project location 
 
 
-ENDS- 
 
 
For further information: 
Teck Wong 
Gary Lyons 
Chief Executive Officer 
Chairman 
Ph: +61 8 9486 8492 
Ph: +61 8 9486 8492 
E: teck@tungstenmining.com 
E: garylyons@heiniger.com.au 
 
 
This ASX announcement was authorised for release by the Board of Tungsten Mining NL. 
 
About Tungsten Mining 
Australian tungsten developer, Tungsten Mining NL is an Australian based resources company listed on the 
Australian Securities Exchange. The Company’s prime focus is the exploration and development of tungsten 
projects in Australia. 
Tungsten (chemical symbol W), occurs naturally on Earth, not in its pure form but as a constituent of other 
minerals, only two of which support commercial extraction and processing - wolframite ((Fe, Mn) WO4) and 
scheelite (CaWO4). 
Tungsten has the highest melting point of all elements except carbon – around 3400°C giving it excellent high 
temperature mechanical properties and the lowest expansion coefficient of all metals. Tungsten is a metal of 
considerable strategic importance, essential to modern industrial development (across aerospace and defence, 
electronics, automotive, extractive and construction sectors) with uses in cemented carbides, high-speed steels 
and super alloys, tungsten mill products and chemicals. 
Through exploration and acquisition, the Company has established a globally significant tungsten resource 
inventory in its portfolio of advanced mineral projects across Australia. This provides the platform for the 
Company to become a major player within the global primary tungsten market through the development of low- 
cost tungsten concentrate production. 
