ASX Release
4 February 2025
DART MOVES ON RAGLAN GOLDFIELD TO
CONSOLIDATE CENTRAL QUEENSLAND GOLD PROJECTS
Dart Mining NL (ASX:DTM) (Dart Mining or the Company) are pleased to announce that it has
applied for a new Exploration Permit Minerals (EPM 29171) covering the majority of historic Raglan
Goldfield, located in Central Queensland 75km NW of Dart’s newly acquired Triumph Gold Project
(Figure 1). Dart is excited by the gold and copper prospectivity of the ground given the geology and
historic mines located within the tenement application.
EPM APPLICATION HIGHLIGHTS
• EPM 29171 includes the historic hard rock gold mines of the Raglan Goldfield and covers 192
km2 (Figure 1) of the New England Orogen.
• The New England Orogen is prospective for intrusion related gold systems, porphyry copper-
gold-molybdenum and quartz vein hosted gold (+/- antimony) mineralisation such as at
Gympie and Hillgrove.
• The Mt. Holly Group of felsic intermediate volcanics and interbedded sediments cover a
substantial amount of the tenement and may have potential for volcanogenic mineralization
similar to Mt. Morgan (40km WNW of the EPM application area).
• Stratigraphically controlled gold-arsenic anomalies in limestones of the Mt. Holly beds have
affinities with the Carlin trend mineralization of the USA (EZ final report to the QLD Department
of Mines for ATP 3185M, June 1983).
Dart Mining Chairman, James Chirnside, commented: “We are delighted to apply for additional
highly prospective ground containing numerous historic gold mines within the local region and close
to our recently acquired Triumph Gold Project. We are excited by the intrusion related and vein
hosted gold, VMS and limestone hosted stratigraphically controlled prospectivity of the ground.
Dart Mining believes Queensland’s favourable prospectivity for million ounce plus gold deposits will
provide an important strategic complement to our current Victorian orogenic gold and porphyry
projects.”
art Mining NL Contact: James Chirnside Webpage: www.dartmining.com.au
ABN: 84 119 904 880 Email: jchirnside@dartmining.com.au LinkedIn: Dart Mining NL
Level 6, 412 Collins Street Mobile: +61 447 447 613 Twitter: @DartMining
Melbourne VIC 3000 1 | P age

Figure 1: Location of the Raglan EPM application and Dart’s Triumph Gold Project
NEW EPM APPLICATION 29171 – RAGLAN QLD
The area lies within the Erebus Sub province of the Calliope Province of the New England Orogen in
Central Queensland. This Province contains the Calliope Volcanic Arc, a well mineralised province in
the New England Orogen which contains the Mt Morgan deposit.
The area of the proposed tenement has had a long history of gold mining in the past. In 1885
Assistant Government Geologist William Rands presented a document to both houses of QLD
parliament that included a detailed report on the Raglan Gold Fields. Rands (1885) gave the
following description:
Raglan Goldfield: Discovered in 1867 with alluvial gold obtained from gullies at the head of Fire
Creek. This area is known as Two Mile and is covered by existing ML 3665 held by another
company (121 Ha). Gold is reported as being obtained from almost all creeks and gullies of the
district and the ‘Old Diggings’ alluvial field is located in the EPMA south of Mount Holly.
Numerous blows of quartz are reported from the area, many have prospecting holes.
The Raglan EPM application area has a variety of historic gold workings with total recorded
production of 10-20,000oz (depending on source) including:
2 | P age

o The Duke of Brittany; Located approximately 400 metres west of the Raglan rural
township. A tunnel 45 m long was driven into the hill and connects with a 30m deep
shaft. The reef is ferruginous quartz with clay (fault gouge or weathered dyke?) on
both the hanging and footwalls separating the reef from the country rock slates. The
mine averaged 0.5oz gold per ton. Nearly 1,000oz of gold was obtained from a few
metres where another reef intersected the Duke of Brittany. The hill is traversed by
a highly crystalline diorite (indicating a potential intrusion related origin?). (Rands,
1885).
o The Port Alma Reef; Located ~2.4 km southwest of the Duke of Brittany Reef.
Workings were less than 10m deep. “Specimens containing gold, visible to the naked
eye” were observed on mullock dumps from quartz blows on the same hill as the Port
Alma reef. (Rands, 1885). (The flat lying reefs are reminiscent of sheeted veins that
occur in IRGS).
o The Duke of York; located about 5km west of Mount Holly in the south-central area
of the EPMA. Production from 1901-1913 is recorded as 2286oz gold from 1637 tons
with a further 1281oz of gold recovered from the tailings (de Havelland 1987).
o Copper workings; Eleanora copper mine located at Mount Holly, also workings 8km
west of there. Rands (1885) describes a lode opened up for copper. Red oxide
containing blue and green carbonates of copper are present. The lode is of ‘broken
up’ fragments of quartz and slate/shale country rock (breccia?). Quartz reefs in this
area have specks of gold present.
Rands (1885) observed that no reefs have been found from which the gold contained in gullies
at the Two Mile and Old Diggings could have been derived. He stated that it appears a
considerable amount of gold has been obtained and that there is every probability that further
prospecting, especially on the low range between the Two Mile and Old Diggings might lead to
the discovery of some payable reefs (target area).
Electrolytic Zinc Co. of Aust. (final report on ATP3185M June 1983) also referred to the historic gold
mines and speculated on the source of alluvial gold. “Several north-south trending quartz fissure
lodes, namely the Duke of Brittany and Port Alma Reef, were significant producers but in general
the sources of the alluvial gold were not located. It is probable that numerous minor shears and
quartz veins associated with a major shear zone passing west of the Mt. Holly ridge, were the major
gold source. Rock chip sampling of a calcareous- volcaniclastic sequence east of Mt. Holly gave
anomalous gold results suggestive of possible disseminated mineralization.”
3 | P age

NEXT STEPS
Dart Mining will continue to progress its flagship Triumph Gold Project, at Raglan Dart Mining
intends to:
• Finalise the grant of the tenement.
• Conduct a comprehensive review of the geology, mining and exploration history of the
Raglan tenement with reference to modern ore genesis theory.
• Conduct field visits and mapping to provide ground truthing to the review conclusions and
possible targets. It is anticipated that this will include inspection of historic gold mines and
copper mines at Eleanora near Mt Holly and at another recorded location 8km further west.
• Develop and conduct a staged exploration programme for EPM 29171 after the initial review
and field inspection work.
• Continue to review and identify further advanced projects in the region for potential
application or acquistion.
Figure 2 - Raglan EPM 29171 application area showing historic mines and excluded existing MLs
4 | P age

TRIUMPH GOLD PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS -
• Existing JORC 2012 compliant Inferred resource of approx. 118,000oz Au (ASX SHN: Robust
Maiden Resource at Triumph Gold Project (31 March 2022))
• Mineral Resource Estimate update will be announced in February 2025
• The Triumph Project is an intrusive related gold system, within a region of Queensland
hosting similar multiple multi-million-ounce gold resources
• Accumulated expenditure of over A$8M in geochemical, geophysical and drilling programs
allow Dart Mining to focus on resource drilling and rapidly grow the project
• Greater than 85% of resource within 100m of surface
• Potential to define a significantly larger intrusion related gold system with all resources open
along strike and at depth.
• The acquisition of the Triumph project provides an entry point into the under-explored
Central Queensland region and complements the Company’s Victorian assets. The Raglan
project consolidates Dart’s presence in the region in line with our corporate strategy.
Approved for release by the Board of Directors.
For more information contact:
James Chirnside
Managing Director
Dart Mining NL
jchirnside@dartmining.com.au
+61 419 605 842
About Dart Mining
In December 2024 Dart Mining (ASX:DTM) completed the acquisition of the Triumph Gold Project, this
is Dart’s first step into an advanced intrusion related gold system project in Queensland. Dart will look
to develop a regional presence in Queensland through advanced stage intrusion related and epithermal
gold projects. Dart Mining will continue to evaluate several historic goldfields in Central and Northeast
Victoria including the Rushworth Goldfield and the new porphyry and lithium province in Northeast
Victoria identified by Dart. The area is prospective for precious, base, and strategic metals including
Lithium, Gold, Antimony, Silver, Copper, Molybdenum, Zinc and Tin. Dart Mining has built a strategically
placed gold exploration footprint in the Central and Northeast regions of Victoria, where historic surface
and alluvial gold mining indicates the existence of potentially significant gold endowment.
Competent Person’s Statement
The information in this report has been prepared, compiled, and verified by Mr. Owen Greenberger (B.Sc.
Geology), a Competent Person who is a Member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr. Greenberger
is Head of Exploration for Dart Mining. Mr. Greenberger has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style
of mineralisation and type of deposits under consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as
a competent person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the “Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration
Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves”. Mr. Greenberger consents to the inclusion in the report of the
matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.
5 | P age

Forward-Looking Statement
Certain statements contained in this document constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, Dart Mining’s current expectations, estimates and projections
about the industry in which Dart Mining operates, and beliefs and assumptions regarding Dart Mining’s future
performance. Such forward-looking statements are based on a number of estimates and assumptions made
by the Company and its consultants in light of experience, current conditions and expectations of future
developments which the Company believes are appropriate in the current circumstances. When used in this
document, words such as; “anticipate”, “could”, “intends”, “estimate”, “potential”, “plan”, “seeks”, “may”,
“should”, and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Although Dart Mining believes that its
expectations presented in these forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements are subject to
known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause the actual results, achievements
and performance of the Company to be materially different from the future results and achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking
information is no guarantee of future performance and accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place
undue reliance on these forward-looking statements.
6 | P age

