 
Medallion Metals Limited 
Suite 1/11 Ventnor Ave, West Perth WA 6005 
www.medallionmetals.com.au 
ABN 89 609 225 023 
 
19 December 2024 
ASX:MM8 
Forrestania Growth Strategy Commences 
Medallion Metals Ltd (ASX: MM8, Medallion and the Company) is pleased to provide the following update in 
relation to its strategy to establish itself as a near term gold-copper producer in the Forrestania region. 
The Company has lodged applications for mining tenements totalling approximately 32 thousand hectares, 
extending from a position immediately north along strike from the historical Bounty Gold Mine (Bounty), 
stretching north and around the southern and eastern flanks of the Parker Dome intrusion (Parker Dome 
Project). The majority of the mining tenement applications are located between 50-100km from the Cosmic Boy 
Processing Plant (Cosmic Boy) and associated infrastructure (Figure 1). 
 
Figure 1: Location of Parker Dome Project 
Medallion Metals Limited  
 
ASX Announcement   
 
Page 2 of 4 
 
The Parker Dome Project straddles portions of the Archaean Forrestania Greenstone Belt, a southerly extension 
of the Southern Cross Greenstone Belt. The area is thought to be prospective for gold deposits as evidenced by 
Bounty and satellite deposits which produced 1.4 million ounces of gold at a head grade of 5.1 g/t Au until the 
conclusion of operations in 2002 (Lintern, 2004). A regional scale geological map is provided as Annexure 1. 
The list of applications for mining tenements (Parker Dome Project Applications) is provided as Annexure 2. 
The Parker Dome Project Applications were formally part of the broader Forrestania Nickel Operations (FNO) 
tenure.  
In August 2024, Medallion entered into an Exclusivity Agreement with IGO Ltd (ASX: IGO) that granted the 
Company a period of exclusivity to negotiate the acquisition of certain assets of the FNO, including the Cosmic 
Boy Process Plant (Cosmic Boy) and associated infrastructure (Proposed Transaction)1. 
The Exclusivity Agreement does not grant any rights to the Company regarding the area of the Parker Dome 
Project Applications. IGO does not retain any interest in the Parker Dome Project Applications and will not 
receive any consideration or interest in the tenements should the Parker Dome Project Applications be granted. 
Medallion will inform the market of the status of the applications should they progress to grant or otherwise. 
Negotiations continue to advance positively with IGO in relation to the Proposed Transaction. 
 
This announcement is authorised for release by the Board of Medallion Metals Limited. 
-ENDS- 
For further information, please visit the Company's website www.medallionmetals.com.au or contact: 
 
Paul Bennett 
Managing Director 
Medallion Metals Limited 
Phone: +61 8 6424 8700 
Email: info@medallionmetals.com.au  
Suite 1, 11 Ventnor Avenue, West Perth WA 6005 
 
 
 
1 Refer to the Company’s ASX announcement dated 8 August 2024 for further information regarding the Exclusivity Agreement. 
Medallion Metals Limited  
 
ASX Announcement   
 
Page 3 of 4 
 
DISCLAIMER 
No representation or warranty, express or implied, is made as to the fairness, accuracy, or completeness of the information, contained 
in this material or of the views, opinions and conclusions contained in this material. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the 
Company, and its respective directors, officers, employees, agents and advisers disclaim any liability (including, without limitation any 
liability arising from fault or negligence) for any loss or damage arising from any use of this material or its contents, including any error 
or omission there from, or otherwise arising in connection with it. 
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 
The Company notes there is no guarantee that the proposed transaction with IGO Ltd (Proposed Transaction) will proceed or that 
negotiations will result in a binding sale agreement and that there is no guarantee that if the Proposed Transaction proceeds, that it 
will proceed on the terms disclosed as no binding terms have been agreed between Medallion and IGO in relation to the Proposed 
Transaction. If the Proposed Transaction proceeds, the Company will announce the binding terms of the negotiated transaction to ASX 
in due course. 
PREVIOUSLY REPORTED INFORMATION 
References in this announcement may have been made to certain ASX announcements, including exploration results, Mineral 
Resources, Ore Reserves, production targets and forecast financial information. For full details, refer to said announcement on said 
date. The Company is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects this information. Other than as specified in this 
announcement and other mentioned announcements, the Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that 
materially affects the information included in the original market announcement(s), and in the case of estimates of Mineral Resources, 
Ore Reserves, production targets and forecast financial information that all material assumptions and technical parameters 
underpinning the estimates in the relevant announcement continue to apply and have not materially changed other than as it relates 
to the content of this announcement. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Person’s findings are 
presented have not been materially modified from the original announcement.  
FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
Some statements in this announcement are forward-looking statements. Such statements include, but are not limited to, statements 
with regard to capacity, future production and grades, projections for sales, sales growth, estimated revenues and reserves, the 
construction cost of a new project, projected operating costs and capital expenditures, the timing of expenditure, future cash flow, 
cumulative negative cash flow (including maximum cumulative negative cash flow), the outlook for minerals and metals prices, the 
outlook for economic recovery and trends in the trading environment and may be (but are not necessarily) identified by the use of 
phrases such as “will”, “would”, “could”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “likely”, “should”, “could”, “predict”, “plan”, “propose”, “forecast”, 
“estimate”, “target”, “outlook”, “guidance” and “envisage”. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risk and uncertainty 
because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that will occur in the future and may be outside the Campany’s control. 
Actual results and developments may differ materially from those expressed or implied in such statements because of a number of 
factors, including levels of demand and market prices, the ability to produce and transport products profitably, the impact of foreign 
currency exchange rates on market prices and operating costs, operational problems, political uncertainty and economic conditions in 
relevant areas of the world, the actions of competitors, suppliers or customers, activities by governmental authorities such as changes 
in taxation or regulation. Given these risks and uncertainties, undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements which 
speak only as at the date of this announcement. Subject to any continuing obligations under applicable law or any relevant stock 
exchange listing rules, the Company does not undertake any obligation to publicly release any updates or revisions to any forward-
looking statements contained in this material, whether as a result of any change in the Company’s expectations in relation to them, or 
any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statement is based. 
 
 
Medallion Metals Limited  
 
ASX Announcement   
 
Page 4 of 4 
 
ANNEXURE 1: Regional Geology 
 
 
ANNEXURE 2: Parker Dome Project Applications 
Tenement 
Location 
Area 
Nature of Interest 
Comments 
E77/3247 
Yilgarn 
70 Blocks 
Application 
Objection lodged 
E77/3248 
Yilgarn 
36 Blocks 
Application 
 
E77/3252 
Yilgarn 
1 Block 
Application 
 
P77/4671 
Yilgarn 
184.1 Ha 
Application 
 
P77/4672 
Yilgarn 
195.6 Ha 
Application 
 
P77/4673 
Yilgarn 
199.1 Ha 
Application 
 
P77/4674 
Yilgarn 
198.3 Ha 
Application 
 
P77/4675 
Yilgarn 
182.4 Ha 
Application 
 
P77/4676 
Yilgarn 
111.9 Ha 
Application 
 
P77/4677 
Yilgarn 
198.3 Ha 
Application 
 
 
