ASX RELEASE
5 December 2024
NewPeak to acquire significant Queensland
vanadium project:
a strategic resource for the coming renewable
energy transition
HIGHLIGHTS
• NewPeak has entered into a binding term sheet to acquire the Allaru Vanadium Project which has an
Inferred JORC Resource of 710 million tonnes of vanadium in the prominent Julia Creek vanadium
province of northwest Queensland.
• Allaru lies alongside several other vanadium resources held by other significant companies, some of
which are well on the way towards development to support the steel and vanadium redox flow
battery industry.
• The consideration for the acquisition is $5 million worth of NewPeak shares at an issue price of 1.65
cents.
• NewPeak plans to undertake a capital raising comprising a Rights Issue to raise between $2-3 million
at the same share price.
• NewPeak will initially focus on the shallow, oxidised Allaru North project which has a typical depth of
12 m and vanadium grade ranging from 0.19 to 0.68 V O (wt%), averaging 0.45 V O (wt%).
2 5 2 5
• Allaru is a valuable addition to NewPeak’s portfolio of critical minerals projects including the NT
Treuer Range vanadium and uranium and Canadian George River uranium and Rare Earth Elements
projects.
• NewPeak has simultaneously been divesting and monetising its existing mineral assets including
Finland, Sweden and New Zealand mineral projects.
• The sale of the Company’s Sweden strategic mineral permits has been completed and NewPeak will
receive a total of CAD$200,000 in a Canadian publicly listed company’s shares and a milestone
payment of CAD$1,000,000.
NewPeak Metals Ltd (ASX:NPM) (NPM, NewPeak or the Company) is pleased to announce that it
has executed a binding term sheet (Binding Term Sheet) with AusVan Battery Metals Pty Ltd (AusVan) and
all the AusVan shareholders (Vendors) to purchase all of the shares in AusVan from the Vendors in
consideration for $5 million worth of NewPeak shares at an issue price of $0.0165 per NewPeak share
(Proposed Transaction). Upon completion of the Proposed Transaction, NewPeak will become the sole
owner of AusVan, which holds 6 granted Exploration Permits and 1 Exploration Permit application
covering the Allaru Vanadium Project in northwest Queensland, which has an Inferred JORC Resource of
710 million tonnes of vanadium (Project, Tenements).
Further information in relation to the Proposed Transaction is provided below.
In conjunction with the Proposed Transaction, NewPeak will undertake a capital raising by way of a rights
issue (Rights Issue) to raise not less than $2 million and not more than $3 million at an issue price of
$0.0165 per NewPeak share. Further information in relation to the Rights Issue is provided below.
1

This acquisition marks a significant step of the Company’s rejuvenation and transitioning plans in entering
the strategic critical minerals space, as originally reported to the market (NPM ASX release 8 January
2024). It follows in the footsteps of acquiring the George River Uranium, Rare Earth Elements (REE) and
Scandium project, Quebec and Labrador, Canada (NPM ASX releases 15 July 2024 and 26 June 2024) and
the Treuer Range Uranium-Vanadium project in the Northern Territory, Australia (NPM ASX releases 12
August 2024 and 19 July 2024). Additionally, the Company has been successful in divesting its Finland,
Sweden and New Zealand mineral projects (NPM ASX releases 18 June 2024, 24 June 2024 and 16
February 2024 respectively).
The capital raising and assets sales provide both immediate cash, as well as the receipt of staged cash
payments and tradeable shares over the near to medium term, to support the Company’s exploration
and future development plans for the Company’s critical mineral properties.
ALLARU VANADIUM PROJECT, QUEENSLAND
The Allaru Vanadium Project is located in the North West Minerals Province of Queensland around Julia
Creek, amongst numerous significant vanadium deposits held by other companies, some of which are
well on the way towards development (Figure 1). AusVan holds 6 granted Exploration Permits for Minerals
(EPM) and 1 EPM application comprising a total of 468 sub-blocks covering 1,498 square kilometres (refer
included Tenement Table).
Geology and Mineralisation
The Allaru Vanadium Deposit is stratigraphically hosted in the Toolebuc Formation. Primary vanadium
enrichment is considered as the source of anomalous levels of vanadium in the Toolebuc Formation, with
vanadium hosted in the mixed layer clays, pyrite and organic kerogens. Secondary vanadium enrichment
is interpreted to occur as the Toolebuc Formation weathers. Two key mineralisation domains are present
in the Allaru Project: 1) shallow weathered vanadium mineralisation, with potential molybdenum and REE
co-products, and 2) deeper fresh vanadium mineralisation, with potential transport fuel co-product.
Across the Project area, four horizons of the Toolebuc Formation have been correlated: TLBA, TLBB, TLBD,
TLBE. The mineralised section is stratigraphically typically contained within the Toolebuc TLBB to TLBD
plys. Recent exploration focus of the Project has been Allaru North (Figure 2), where mineralisation occurs
between unconsolidated surficial sediment and the base of weathering. The surficial sediments are a
quaternary sands sequence which is flay-lying, with a stable depth across the Project area, typically 12 m
deep. The base of weathering across the Project is typically 30 m deep. Allaru Central mineralisation is
below the base of weathering with depth ranging from 37 m to 85 m. Toolebuc horizon TLBB hosts the
upper portion of mineralisation and comprises the kerogenous shales and minor coquina of the Willat
Crossing Shale. In the Allaru Central area, the thickness of the upper TLBB ply is typically 1.8 m thick. In
the Allaru North area, TLBB is typically 1.8 m thick. Ply TLBD hosts the lower portion of the mineralisation
and comprises the kerogenous Arrolla Shale. Across the Allaru Central area, the TLBD ply is typically 2.8
m thick. In the Allaru North area, TLBD is of a similar thickness, but due to poor vanadium grades has been
excluded from the resource estimations.
The vanadium grade has been composited over correlation Toolebuc Formation working sections. Across
the Allaru Central area, the selected TLBB-TLBD mineralisation working section ranges in grade from 0.38
to 0.52 V O (wt%), averaging 0.45 V O (wt%). In the Allaru North area, the selected Toolebuc TLBB
2 5 2 5
horizon working section ranges in grade from 0.19 to 0.68 V O (wt%), averaging 0.45 V O (wt%).
2 5 2 5
Exploration and Sampling
Exploration drilling across the Project area spans from the 1960s to 2021 and comprises a total of 116
holes, including 44 holes drilled by AusVan. A chronological list of exploration carried out at Allaru has
been included towards the end of the announcement.
In the Project area, the drill hole database contains 60 exploration holes with vanadium assays in the
Toolebuc Formation, including:
• 411 core samples from 39 exploration holes drilled by AusVan in 2021;
2

• 105 core samples from 20 exploration holes assayed by Vecco in 2018;
• 14 core samples from 1 exploration hole drilled by Aquitaine in 1968, located southwest from the
Allaru Central area, that do not form part of the mineral resource estimates; and
• an additional 36 drill holes containing core samples of Toolobuc Formation with oil yield assays,
and 2 drill holes with Proterozoic basement assays. These samples do not relate to the Toolebuc
Formation vanadium mineralisation, and do not form part of the mineral resource estimates.
Figure 1: Location of Allaru Vanadium Project, northwest Queensland
Mineral Resource Estimates
The Mineral Resource Estimates have been prepared in accordance with the JORC Code (2012). The
Qualified Person and Competent Person reconciled the Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves to Canadian
Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum (CIM) 2014 Definition Standards for Mineral Resources and
3

Mineral Reserves dated May 10, 2014 (CIM (2014) Standards) as incorporated with NI43-101, and there
are no material differences.
An in-situ Inferred Resource tonnage of 710 million metric tonnes (Mt) of vanadium mineral resource was
estimated for the Project, as at 31 January 2022. Table 1 provides a summary of the Mineral Resource
Estimates for the Project. Figure 2 displays the location of the Project Mineral Resources.
V O (wt%)
Relative 2 5
Resource Category Horizon Mass (Mt)
Density
Average Range
Inferred Cent. Ox TLBB-TLBD - - - -
Inferred Cent. Fr TLBB-TLBD 618 1.85* 0.45 0.38 - 0.52
Inferred Nth Ox TLBB 35 1.85* 0.48 0.22 – 0.65
Inferred Nth Fr TLBB 58 1.85* 0.43 0.20 – 0.64
Total 710
Table 1: Allaru Project Mineral Resource Estimates Summary
Figure 2: Allaru North Mineral Resources
4

TABLE:
Resource Category |  |  | Horizon | Mass (Mt) | Relative
Density |  | V O (wt%)
2 5 |  |  |  | 
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | Average |  |  | Range | 
 | Inferred Cent. Ox |  | TLBB-TLBD | - | - | - |  |  | - |  | 
 | Inferred Cent. Fr |  | TLBB-TLBD | 618 | 1.85* | 0.45 |  |  | 0.38 - 0.52 |  | 
 | Inferred Nth Ox |  | TLBB | 35 | 1.85* | 0.48 |  |  | 0.22 – 0.65 |  | 
 | Inferred Nth Fr |  | TLBB | 58 | 1.85* | 0.43 |  |  | 0.20 – 0.64 |  | 
 | Total |  |  | 710 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 

TABLE:
Relative
Density

WHO IS AUSVAN?
AusVan Battery Metals Pty Ltd is a private Australian mineral exploration company. AusVan’s focus is and
has been the Allaru Vanadium Deposit in North Central Queensland. AusVan is compelled by the
investment thesis for energy transition and sees vanadium being to long term energy storage what lithium
is to short term energy storage.
Vanadium and flow battery technology is the incumbent leader in the long-term energy storage sector.
AusVan fully expects superior growth to come from this sector going forward and as such, expects
vanadium will play a pivotal role.
PROPOSED TRANSACTION
NewPeak has entered into the Binding Term Sheet with AusVan and the Vendors. The Vendors comprise
eighteen (18) persons, including CSE-listed Mineral Road Discovery Inc (MRD), which holds approximately
57% of AusVan’s total issued capital, and Mammoth Resources Pty Ltd (Mammoth), which holds
approximately 5% of AusVan’s total issued capital. Emma Fairhurst, Non-Executive Director of NewPeak,
is also a Director of AusVan and Executive Chairperson of MRD. Mammoth is an entity associated with
Gerhard Redelinghuys, who (with his associates) is also a current substantial holder of NewPeak. Subject
to the below, the Binding Term Sheet contains terms and conditions which are standard for a document
of its kind.
The consideration to be paid to the Vendors for the acquisition of all of the AusVan shares under the
Proposed Transaction by NewPeak is AUD$5,000,000 worth of NewPeak shares, being a total of
303,030,303 NewPeak shares at an issue price of $0.0165 (1.65 cents) per NewPeak share (Consideration
Shares).
Completion of the Proposed Transaction is subject to several conditions’ precedent being satisfied (or
waived), including:
• both NewPeak and AusVan conducting, and being satisfied in all respects with the results of their
respective legal, financial and technical due diligence investigations in relation to each other, the
Proposed Transaction, and the Tenements (in the case of NewPeak);
• entry into formal transaction documents in each case in form and substance satisfactory to NewPeak
and AusVan;
• NewPeak and AusVan obtaining all relevant authorisations and third-party approvals and consents to
the Proposed Transaction in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements;
• NewPeak obtaining certain shareholder approvals in relation to the Proposed Transaction, including
under Listing Rules 11.1.2, 10.1, 10.11, and item 7 of section 611 the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth)
(Corporations Act) as required (Shareholder Approvals); and
• NewPeak undertaking the Rights Issue (as defined below).
The Shareholder Approvals the Company will seek will include approval pursuant to:
• Listing Rule 11.1.2;
• item 7 of section 611 of the Corporations Act, Listing Rule 10.1 and Listing Rule 10.11 for the
acquisition of AusVan shares pursuant to the Proposed Transaction from MRD and the issue of
Consideration Shares to MRD; and
• Listing Rule 10.1 for the acquisition of AusVan shares pursuant to the Proposed Transaction from
Mammoth and the issue of Consideration Shares to Mammoth.
An independent expert has been engaged by NewPeak to opine as to whether or not the Proposed
Transaction is fair and reasonable to NewPeak shareholders. The independent expert’s report will be
contained in NewPeak’s notice of meeting in relation to the Shareholder Approvals, which will be issued
in due course to convene a general meeting scheduled to be held in late January 2025 (see the indicative
timetable below for further information).
5

AusVan and the Vendors will not have the right to nominate any persons as directors (or senior
management) of NewPeak on completion of the Proposed Transaction.
ASX has confirmed that NewPeak will not be required to re-comply with Chapters 1 and 2 of the Listing
Rules in order to complete the Proposed Transaction.
RIGHTS ISSUE
In conjunction with the Proposed Transaction, NewPeak will undertake a capital raising by way of a rights
issue (Rights Issue) to raise not less than AUD$2,000,000 and not more than AUD$3,000,000 (Maximum
Subscription) at an issue price of $0.0165 per NewPeak share. NewPeak will be issuing shares under the
Rights Issue pursuant to a prospectus which is proposed to be lodged with the Australian Securities and
Investments Commission in accordance with the indicative timetable below.
The proceeds from the Rights Issue shall be used by NewPeak to carry out intended exploration works on
the Tenements, the George River Uranium, REE and Scandium Project (located in Canada), the Treuer
Range Uranium-Vanadium Project (located in the Northern Territory), the Cachi Gold and Las Opeñas
Gold Projects (located in Argentina), as well as working capital, administration, raising, and legal costs.
Upon completion of the Proposed Transaction and assuming the Maximum Subscription under the Rights
Issue, the Vendors are expected to hold approximately 38.35% in NewPeak as a result of the issue of the
Consideration Shares as follows in the below Table 2 setting out NewPeak’s indicative capital structure:
% of share capital
NewPeak shares
(diluted)
Currently on issue 305,405,065 38.65
Consideration Shares issued to Vendors in
303,030,3031 38.35
connection with the Proposed Transaction
Rights Issue 181,818,1812 23.01
Total 790,253,5493 100
Table 2: NewPeak indicative capital structure
Notes:
1. Assumes the issue of $5,000,000 worth of Consideration Shares at a deemed issue price of $0.0165 per NewPeak share.
2. Assumes the Maximum Subscription of $3,000,000 is raised under the Rights Issue. The anticipated number of NewPeak shares
to be issued under the Rights Issue has been calculated assuming a total capital raising of $3,000,000 and an issue price of $0.0165
per NewPeak share. Number of NewPeak shares to be issued under the Maximum Subscription rounded down to the nearest
whole NewPeak share.
3. Assumes that NewPeak does not issue any other NewPeak shares other than the Consideration Shares and the Maximum
Subscription under the Rights Issue. Excludes the Company’s 2,500,000 performance rights currently on issue.
Information about the likely effect of the Proposed Transaction and the Rights Issue on NewPeak’s
consolidated total assets, total equity interests, annual revenue, annual expenditure, and annual profit
before tax based on NewPeak’s accounts as at 30 June 2024 is set out in Annexure B below. As the
Tenements are still in the exploration phase there:
• will be no increase in consolidated annual revenue arising from the Proposed Transaction; and
• are no earnings in relation to NewPeak’s projects, and therefore there will be no increase in
consolidated EBITDA or consolidated annual profit before tax arising from the Proposed Transaction.
PROPOSED TIMETABLE - PROPOSED TRANSACTION & RIGHTS ISSUE
A proposed timetable to complete the Proposed Transaction and the Rights Issue is set out below (being
Table 3). The below dates are indicative only and subject to change.
6

TABLE:
 |  |  | NewPeak shares | % of share capital
(diluted)
 | Currently on issue |  | 305,405,065 | 38.65
 | Consideration Shares issued to Vendors in |  | 303,030,3031 | 38.35
 | connection with the Proposed Transaction |  |  | 
 | Rights Issue |  | 181,818,1812 | 23.01
 | Total |  | 790,253,5493 | 100

TABLE:
% of share capital
(diluted)

Event Date
Execution of Binding Term Sheet Wednesday, 4 December 2024
Execution of formal transaction documents Friday, 13 December 2024
Lodgement of Rights Issue prospectus Friday, 20 December 2024
Applications under Rights Issue open Monday, 23 December 2024
Issue of notice of meeting in relation to Proposed
Tuesday, 24 December 2024
Transaction
Applications under Rights Issue close Friday, 31 January 2025
General meeting held Friday, 31 January 2025
Announcement of Rights Issue results Monday, 3 February 2025
Issue of Rights Issue shares to applicants Monday, 3 February 2025
Trading in Rights Issue shares commences Thursday, 6 February 2025
All Proposed Transaction conditions precedent
Thursday, 6 February 2025
satisfied
Completion of Proposed Transaction Monday, 10 February 2025
Issue of Consideration Shares to Vendors Monday, 10 February 2025
Table 3: Proposed Transaction indicative timetable
NEWPEAK’S FUTURE EXPLORATION PLANS
NewPeak intends to conduct exploration at the Project, with the objective of upgrading the Inferred JORC
mineral resources, discovering additional shallow, oxidised Toolebuc resources and metallurgy testing to
define optimum processing technologies. The exploration program would include:
1. Additional exploration drilling be undertaken to further define lateral stratigraphic continuation
and grade of the ore body throughout the resource areas.
2. Further scout exploration drilling to test for shallow, oxidised mineralised Toolebuc Formation
across the wider Project area.
3. Additional metallurgical test work, including additional composite samples, to increase
representation of ore type and variation. Further beneficiation test work will be carried out to
optimize roasting, grinding, cyclone and flotation options, investigate additional leach options to
reduce acid consumption, and testing of the proposed precipitation circuits to understand and
improve product purity.
WHY VANADIUM? A High-Potential Investment for the Green Energy Transition
Traditionally valued in the steel industry, vanadium is now emerging as a solution for the increasing
penetration of renewables into electricity grids across the globe. This is creating intermittency issues
around wind not blowing and sun not shining, creating a significant requirement for “grid scale” storage
solutions to effectively time-shift this electricity from when it’s produced to when it is required.
A Key Component in Green Technologies
Vanadium is integral to vanadium redox flow batteries (VRFBs), which are increasingly preferred for large-
7

TABLE:
Event | Date
Execution of Binding Term Sheet | Wednesday, 4 December 2024
Execution of formal transaction documents | Friday, 13 December 2024
Lodgement of Rights Issue prospectus | Friday, 20 December 2024
Applications under Rights Issue open | Monday, 23 December 2024
Issue of notice of meeting in relation to Proposed
Transaction | Tuesday, 24 December 2024
Applications under Rights Issue close | Friday, 31 January 2025
General meeting held | Friday, 31 January 2025
Announcement of Rights Issue results | Monday, 3 February 2025
Issue of Rights Issue shares to applicants | Monday, 3 February 2025
Trading in Rights Issue shares commences | Thursday, 6 February 2025
All Proposed Transaction conditions precedent
satisfied | Thursday, 6 February 2025
Completion of Proposed Transaction | Monday, 10 February 2025
Issue of Consideration Shares to Vendors | Monday, 10 February 2025

scale energy storage systems (ESS). These batteries offer significant advantages over lithium-ion,
including:
• a lifespan of 20-30 years without performance degradation;
• scalability, making them ideal for storing intermittent renewable power; and
• safety, with no risk of thermal runaway.
A typical VRFB requires 5 to 10 tonnes of vanadium pentoxide (V₂O₅) per MWh of storage capacity. With
7.4 GWh of planned or under-construction projects requiring approximately 65,000 tons of V₂O₅,
vanadium demand for batteries is on an exponential growth trajectory. If VRFBs reach even 10-15%
market penetration of grid storage by 2030, annual vanadium demand could exceed 300,000 tons.
Strong Steel Demand Drives Stability
Vanadium’s traditional role in steel production remains a critical driver of demand. 85-90% of global
vanadium output is consumed by the steel sector, where it enhances tensile strength, durability, and
corrosion resistance. These properties are essential for high-strength rebar, structural steel, and
automotive parts. The steel industry’s appetite for vanadium continues to grow, driven by:
1. Global Infrastructure Spending
China and India are leading the charge, with China investing $1.9 trillion in infrastructure as part of its
14th Five-Year Plan and tightening building codes to include higher vanadium content in rebar.
The global rebar market is projected to grow at 4.2% annually, and with 0.1-0.15% vanadium content
required per ton of rebar, even small increases in vanadium use translate into thousands of tons of
additional demand.
2. Automotive Industry Trends
Demand for high-strength, lightweight steel is rising in the automotive sector to improve fuel efficiency
and meet emissions targets.
The growing market for electric vehicles (EVs) will also require vanadium-enhanced steel for lighter,
stronger frames.
In 2023, the steel industry consumed 110,000 tons of vanadium, with demand expected to grow 5-6%
annually through 2030. As more countries adopt stricter building codes and sustainable construction
practices, the steel sector’s vanadium consumption could reach 140,000 to 160,000 tons annually by
2030.
Australia’s Vanadium Push: A Strategic Opportunity
Australia, particularly Queensland, is positioning itself as a global hub for vanadium production and
battery manufacturing. According to Queensland Resources Minister Scott Stewart, the North West
Minerals Province holds an estimated $500 billion in critical minerals, including vanadium. The situation
where Australia (particularly Queensland) holds the second largest resources of vanadium in the world
yet produces no vanadium is a clear driver for Government’s excitement in promoting this sector.
Key Initiatives Supporting Vanadium Investment
1. Common User Demonstration Facility:
$75 million committed to create an industrial hub to trial production and support the extraction of
critical minerals.
Vanadium is listed as a first priority in these efforts.
2. Battery Manufacturing Facility:
Australia’s first commercial vanadium flow battery electrolyte facility, with a nameplate production of
9 megalitres of electrolyte annually.
Initial investment of $15 million, with total funding expected to reach $50 million to secure Australia’s
8

position in domestic and global supply chains.
3. National Battery Testing Centre:
A core part of Queensland’s battery manufacturing strategy to ensure product quality and
competitiveness.
Supported through the Industry Partnership Program to foster local innovation.
In addition to the above, Critical Minerals Queensland (CMQ, an agency within the Queensland
Government) is providing more than $50 million in grants to help fund companies wanting to explore
and extract critical minerals with grants up to $2 million and investments up to $30 million (QCMBTF),
with Critical Minerals Group’s Lindfield Vanadium Project having been allocated up to $2 million in late
August 2024 and Velox Energy Materials receiving a commitment to cornerstone up to $5 million to
advance its North Queensland Vanadium Project, also in the Julia Creek Region.
Supply Constraints and Market Potential
With production concentrated in China, Russia, and South Africa, vanadium remains vulnerable to supply
disruptions and price volatility. The increasing investment in Australia’s vanadium production and
electrolyte processing aims to diversify global supply chains and stabilize the market.
Experts project that overall vanadium demand will grow by 8-10% annually, with battery storage and
infrastructure development driving most of this growth. If VRFBs and high-strength steel adoption
continue at their current pace, global demand could surpass 500,000 tons of vanadium annually by 2040.
A Perfect Fit for ESG Portfolios
Vanadium aligns with environmental, social, and governance (ESG) investment strategies by enabling
sustainable energy systems. VRFBs promote low-carbon grids by storing renewable energy efficiently,
reducing reliance on fossil fuels. As companies and governments increase their commitment to net-zero
targets, vanadium offers an attractive opportunity for sustainable growth.
CONCLUSION: Vanadium—The Metal of Tomorrow, Today
Vanadium’s dual role—Not unlike lithium 15 years ago when the bulk of lithium produced was used in
the steady growth production of Glass, Ceramics and Grease (c75%) prior to the catalyst of significant
growth in electric vehicle development meaning battery demand now accounts for some 85% of
production. We have vanadium today where 85-90% is used in steel production, with the catalyst around
the increasing need for “grid scale” storage to offset the increased penetration of intermittent renewable
generation. Vanadium is integral to vanadium redox flow batteries (VRFBs), which are increasingly
preferred for large-scale energy storage systems (ESS).
References
• Guidehouse Insights. Vanadium Redox Flow Batteries Market Outlook, 2024.
• "Vanadium in Steel Production: Market Report," Global Construction Review, 2024.
• Queensland Government. North West Minerals Province: $500 Billion Opportunity, 2024.
• Queensland Battery Industry Strategy 2024- 2029 PDF
• CopperString 2032 Infrastructure Overview, Infrastructure Australia, 2024.
• Australia’s Vanadium Battery Push Gains Momentum, Australian Financial Review, 2024.
• Global Vanadium Supply and Demand Trends, Mining Weekly, 2024.
• ESG Investing and the Vanadium Advantage, Green Tech Media, 2024.
• International Rebar Association. Global Rebar Market Projections, 2024.
• https://source.benchmarkminerals.com/article/battery-powered-20-years-of-lithium-demand
• https://documents1.worldbank.org/curated/en/099020324185517458/pdf/P1740031e1bed00
9

471a3c214deb8aa275af.pdf
• https://www.resources.qld.gov.au/mining-exploration/initiatives/critical-minerals/invest/why-
invest-in-queensland/grants-and-funding
NEWPEAK CONCLUDES SWEDEN MINERAL PERMITS SALE
NewPeak is pleased to announce that it has completed the sale of its interest in the Company’s Finnish
subsidiary company which holds the portfolio of Sweden Strategic Mineral permits, following the
execution of a Binding Term Sheet in June 2024 (NPM ASX release 24 June 2024).
NewPeak has sold its Finnish subsidiary company, NewPeak Sweden Oy, to 1459992 BC Ltd, a Canadian
unlisted private company, who will assign its rights into a Canadian publicly listed company (CanCo) within
a 45 day period (1459992 BC Ltd and CanCo: Buyer).
As consideration for this sale, NewPeak receives a total of CAD$200,000 in CanCo shares at an issue price
of CAD$0.25, and a milestone payment of CAD$1,000,000 as follows:
a) If within 30 months following completion of the transaction, the Buyer's exploration expenditure
exceeds an aggregate amount of CAD$250,000, the Buyer shall make a payment of CAD$250,000
payable in cash or CanCo shares to NewPeak (issued at the 10 day VWAP for CanCo shares
immediately prior to the date of the election).
b) Upon NewPeak Sweden Oy reporting a JORC inferred resource of a minimum 3mt at 0.3% WOBE
(i.e. a resource of either just Tungsten (WO ) or a combination of minerals totalling this resource
3
amount) resource at any or a combination of the Swedish tenements, the Buyer must pay to
NewPeak an amount of CAD$750,000 in cash or CanCo shares to NewPeak (issued at the 10 day
VWAP for CanCo shares immediately prior to the date of the election).
FINLAND SETTLEMENT PAYMENTS
NewPeak has renegotiated part of the payment terms with Golcap Resources Corp (Golcap), the buyer of
the Company’s Finnish subsidiary companies NewPeak Finland Oy and Kultatie Holding Oy, which hold
the portfolio of Finland Gold permits. NewPeak was previously issued CAD$1,000,000 worth of ordinary
shares in Golcap (4,347,826 Golcap shares). The subsequent payment of CAD$100,000 cash has been
changed so that NewPeak will be issued this amount in Golcap shares at an issue price of CAD$0.25.
NewPeak will also receive from Golcap:
• CAD$150,000 cash within 6 months from settlement, and
• CAD$250,000 within 12 months.
• A milestone payment of CAD$1,500,000 in cash or Golcap shares on reporting a JORC Indicated
500,000 Oz Gold resource at any of the tenements.
• Golcap has assumed all obligations in respect of the current milestone payment commitment to
Sunstone Metals Ltd of AUD$1,500,000 payable as cash upon delivery of a JORC Indicated
500,000 Oz Gold resource from any of the Kultatie Holding Oy permits.
CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
NewPeak and the Company’s Competent Person recognize that these historic exploration results have
not been reported in accordance with JORC Code 2012 and a Competent Person has not done sufficient
work to disclose the Exploration Results in accordance with JORC Code 2012. It is possible that further
evaluation and/or exploration may reduce confidence in these results as further sampling is undertaken
to advance the project to JORC Code 2012 compliance. To date nothing has come to the Company’s
attention that causes it to question the accuracy or reliability of the historic sampling but as the Company
has not independently validated these results it is not to be regarded as reporting, adopting or endorsing
these results.
Authorised for Release by the Board of Directors of NewPeak Metals Limited.
10

For further information contact:
Mr David Mason Mr Craig McPherson
Chief Executive Officer Company Secretary
dmason@newpeak.com.au craigm@mhprivate.com.au
Website: www.newpeak.com.au
𝕏: @ASX_NPM
Forward Looking Statement
This announcement may contain certain statements and projections provided by or on behalf of NewPeak
Metals Limited (NewPeak, the Company) with respect to the anticipated future undertakings. These
forward-looking statements reflect various assumptions by or on behalf of the Company. Accordingly, these
statements are subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies
associated with exploration and/or mining which may be beyond the control of the Company which could
cause actual results or trends to differ materially, including but not limited to price fluctuations, exploration
results, reserve and resource estimation, environmental risks, physical risks, legislative and regulatory
changes, political risks, project delay or advancement, ability to meet funding requirements, factors relating
to property title, dependence on key personnel, share price volatility, approvals and cost estimates.
Accordingly, there can be no assurance that such statements and projections will be realised. The Company
makes no representations as to the accuracy or completeness of any such statement of projections or that
any forecasts will be achieved.
Additionally, the Company makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, in relation to, and no
responsibility or liability (whether for negligence, under statute or otherwise) is or will be accepted by the
Company or by any of their respective officers, directors, shareholders, partners, employees, or advisers as
to or in relation to the accuracy or completeness of the information, statements, opinions or matters
(express or implied) arising out of, contained in or derived from this presentation or any omission from this
presentation or of any other written or oral information or opinions provided now or in the future to any
interested party or its advisers. In furnishing this presentation, the Company undertakes no obligation to
provide any additional or updated information whether as a result of new information, future events or
results or otherwise.
Nothing in this material should be construed as either an offer to sell or a solicitation of an offer to buy or
sell securities. It does not include all available information and should not be used in isolation as a basis to
invest in NewPeak.
Competent Person Statement
The information in this report that relates to Mineral Resource estimates is based on information compiled
by Adrian Buck, a Competent Person, who is a Member of the Australasian Institute of Mining and
Metallurgy (AusIMM). Adrian Buck is employed as the Principal Geologist – Measured Group. Adrian Buck
has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under
consideration, and to the activities undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012
Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’.
Adrian Buck consents to the inclusion of the matters based on their information in the form and context in
which it appears.
The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Person’s findings are presented
have not been materially modified.
11

Tenements List
Lodged
Tenement Sub- blocks Grant Date Expiry Date Authorised Holder Status
Date
EPM 19745 71 21-Jan- 20-Jan- AusVan Battery Metals Pty
7-Jun-2012 Granted
(Haddington) (227km2) 2014 2029 Ltd
EPM 19746 (Fort 73 18-Dec- 17-Dec- AusVan Battery Metals Pty
7-Jun-2012 Granted
Bowen) (235km2) 2013 2028 Ltd
EPM 19748 (Etta 55 18-Dec- 17-Dec- AusVan Battery Metals Pty
7-Jun-2012 Granted
Plains) (176km2) 2013 2028 Ltd
52 AusVan Battery Metals Pty
EPM 25268 (Arizona) 7-Jun-2013 7-Apr-2014 6-Apr-2029 Granted
(166km2) Ltd
EPM 27562 (Allaru 87 18-Jun- AusVan Battery Metals Pty
2-Feb-2021 1-Feb-2026 Granted
West) (278km2) 2020 Ltd
EPM 28615 (Lyrian) 65 14-Sep- 24-Oct- 23-Oct- AusVan Battery Metals Pty
Granted
(208km2) 2022 2024 2029 Ltd
EPM 26816 (Lyrian 65 14-Sep- AusVan Battery Metals Pty Applicatio
- -
West) (208km2) 2022 Ltd n
Allaru exploration history summary
Number of
Year Company Drilling Details
Drillholes
Toolebuc Formation Exploration drilling. AL21 drill hole series. 4C coreholes with detailed
2021 AusVan 44
sampling and XRF assaying
Preserved Oilcorp cores re-sampled by Vecco in 2018 for vanadium and other metal
2018 Vecco -
assays
Toolebuc Formation Exploration drilling. ARZ drill hole series. 4C coreholes with Detailed
2015 Oilcorp 20
MFA sampling, details geological and geophysical logs
Wiluna Inclined RC drill hole FBRC, drilled to test the Proterozoic rocks at Mt Fort Bowen
1996 1
Mines
Drill hole MUP02 an open percussion hole, drilled to test basement target east of Mt
1992 BHP 1
Brown. Total depth 292 m
Toolebuc Formation exploration. DOR-series, HAD-series, MFB-series, MIL-series, MTB-
1981 Pacific Coal 35 series, NUM-series holes. HMLC cored MFA assay holes with detailed lithology and
geophysical logs. Provide reliable stratigraphic control
Shell Drill hole Millungera 2, and others less proximate. Drilled and cored as part of regional
1970 1
Development Toolebuc Formation exploration
Australian Blackbird18 and 20. Partial cored drill holes as part of regional Toolebuc Formation
1969 2
Aquitaine exploration EPM504
Department of Natural Resources and Mines water bores. Bores with records of lithology
Various DNRM 12
intersections logs. Generally considered low reliability. However, in the late 1960s
12

TABLE:
Tenement |  |  | Sub- blocks |  | Lodged |  | Grant Date | Expiry Date | Authorised Holder | Status
 |  |  |  |  | Date |  |  |  |  | 
 | EPM 19745 |  | 71
(227km2) | 7-Jun-2012 |  |  | 21-Jan-
2014 | 20-Jan-
2029 | AusVan Battery Metals Pty
Ltd | Granted
 | (Haddington) |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 | EPM 19746 (Fort |  | 73
(235km2) | 7-Jun-2012 |  |  | 18-Dec-
2013 | 17-Dec-
2028 | AusVan Battery Metals Pty
Ltd | Granted
 | Bowen) |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 | EPM 19748 (Etta |  | 55
(176km2) | 7-Jun-2012 |  |  | 18-Dec-
2013 | 17-Dec-
2028 | AusVan Battery Metals Pty
Ltd | Granted
 | Plains) |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
EPM 25268 (Arizona) |  |  | 52
(166km2) | 7-Jun-2013 |  |  | 7-Apr-2014 | 6-Apr-2029 | AusVan Battery Metals Pty
Ltd | Granted
 | EPM 27562 (Allaru |  | 87
(278km2) | 18-Jun-
2020 |  |  | 2-Feb-2021 | 1-Feb-2026 | AusVan Battery Metals Pty
Ltd | Granted
 | West) |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
EPM 28615 (Lyrian) | EPM 28615 (Lyrian) |  | 65
(208km2) | 14-Sep-
2022 |  |  | 24-Oct-
2024 | 23-Oct-
2029 | AusVan Battery Metals Pty
Ltd | Granted
 | EPM 26816 (Lyrian |  | 65
(208km2) | 14-Sep-
2022 |  |  | - | - | AusVan Battery Metals Pty
Ltd | Applicatio
n
 | West) |  |  |  |  |  |  |  |  | 

TABLE:
Year | Company |  | Number of |  | Drilling Details
 |  |  | Drillholes |  | 
2021 | AusVan | 44 |  |  | Toolebuc Formation Exploration drilling. AL21 drill hole series. 4C coreholes with detailed
sampling and XRF assaying
2018 | Vecco | - |  |  | Preserved Oilcorp cores re-sampled by Vecco in 2018 for vanadium and other metal
assays
2015 | Oilcorp | 20 |  |  | Toolebuc Formation Exploration drilling. ARZ drill hole series. 4C coreholes with Detailed
MFA sampling, details geological and geophysical logs
1996 | Wiluna
Mines | 1 |  |  | Inclined RC drill hole FBRC, drilled to test the Proterozoic rocks at Mt Fort Bowen
1992 | BHP | 1 |  |  | Drill hole MUP02 an open percussion hole, drilled to test basement target east of Mt
Brown. Total depth 292 m
1981 | Pacific Coal | 35 |  |  | Toolebuc Formation exploration. DOR-series, HAD-series, MFB-series, MIL-series, MTB-
series, NUM-series holes. HMLC cored MFA assay holes with detailed lithology and
geophysical logs. Provide reliable stratigraphic control
1970 | Shell
Development | 1 |  |  | Drill hole Millungera 2, and others less proximate. Drilled and cored as part of regional
Toolebuc Formation exploration
1969 | Australian
Aquitaine | 2 |  |  | Blackbird18 and 20. Partial cored drill holes as part of regional Toolebuc Formation
exploration EPM504
Various | DNRM | 12 |  |  | Department of Natural Resources and Mines water bores. Bores with records of lithology
intersections logs. Generally considered low reliability. However, in the late 1960s

Australian Aquitaine Petroleum geophysically logged approximately 300 deep water bores
in the region. Providing high quality stratigraphic control
ANNEXURE A – JORC TABLE 1
Section 1 - Sampling Techniques and Data
(Criteria in this section apply to all succeeding sections.)
Criteria Explanation Commentary
Sampling • Nature and quality of sampling (e.g. cut - AusVan 2021 exploration samples have been taken from
techniques channels, random chips, or specific diamond core drilling only. Recovery of the core is recorded
specialised industry standard measurement in the drill hole lithological logs, which are recorded by
tools appropriate to the minerals under suitably qualified geologists present at the time of drilling.
investigation, such as down hole gamma Geophysical logs were used to correct the recorded depths of
sondes, or handheld XRF instruments, etc.). the Toolebuc Formation roof and floor intersections. Sample
These examples should not be taken as from previous explorers have been taken from drill cores.
limiting the broad meaning of sampling. Recovery of core is recorded in the drill hole lithological logs
• Include reference to measures taken to which are recorded by suitably qualified geologists present at
ensure sample representivity and the the time of drilling.
appropriate calibration of any measurement - Oilcorp 2015 exploration cores were resampled by Vecco in
tools or systems used. 2018. Cores had previously been longitudinally cut, and then
• Aspects of the determination of a sample was obtained from ¼ of the core, prepared by
mineralisation that are Material to the Public laboratory technicians working under the direction of the
Report. In cases where ‘industry standard’ Project Geologist.
work has been done this would be relatively
simple (e.g. ‘reverse circulation drilling was
used to obtain 1 m samples from which 3 kg
was pulverised to produce a 30 g charge for
fire assay’). In other cases, more explanation
may be required, such as where there is
coarse gold that has inherent sampling
problems. Unusual commodities or
mineralisation types (e.g. submarine
nodules) may warrant disclosure of detailed
information.
Drilling • Drill type (e.g. core, reverse circulation, open- - The total Project contains 116 holes, including 72 holes drilled
techniques hole hammer, rotary air blast, auger, by previous or surrounding explorers, and 44 exploration
Bangka, sonic, etc.) and details (e.g. core holes drilled by AusVan in 2021.
diameter, triple or standard tube, depth of - AusVan 2021 drilling comprised 39 4C-size (100mm) diamond
diamond tails, face-sampling bit or other core holes and 5 RC hole for resource definition. The
type, whether core is oriented and if so, by conventional drilling method drilled diamond core intervals,
what method, etc.). typically over 4.5 m length runs. Core size has been 4C (100
mm) to provide ample material for metallurgical test work.
Drilling was completed by Hodge Drilling Pty Ltd using
McCullochs DR950 drill rig. Holes were drilled vertically;
verticality logs were run to confirm deviation
- Oilcorp 2015 drilling comprised 20 4C-size (100 mm) for
resource definition. Drilling was completed by Hodge Drilling
Pty Ltd using McCullochs DR950 drill rig.
- .Drilling by previous explorers included HMLC (65 mm) coring.
Drill sample • Method of recording and assessing core and - AusVan 2021 drill chips and core were assessed, logged and
recovery chip sample recoveries and results assessed. photographed on site by suitably qualified geologists. Linear
• Measures taken to maximise sample recovery was recorded for each core run, comparing the
recovery and ensure representative nature of length of the core recovered versus drill depth. Core
the samples. recoveries were generally better than 95%; however, core
recoveries of approximately 80% have been recorded in some
13

TABLE:
 |  |  | Australian Aquitaine Petroleum geophysically logged approximately 300 deep water bores
in the region. Providing high quality stratigraphic control

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | Explanation |  |  | Commentary | 
Sampling
techniques | Sampling |  | • Nature and quality of sampling (e.g. cut
channels, random chips, or specific
specialised industry standard measurement
tools appropriate to the minerals under
investigation, such as down hole gamma
sondes, or handheld XRF instruments, etc.).
These examples should not be taken as
limiting the broad meaning of sampling.
• Include reference to measures taken to
ensure sample representivity and the
appropriate calibration of any measurement
tools or systems used.
• Aspects of the determination of
mineralisation that are Material to the Public
Report. In cases where ‘industry standard’
work has been done this would be relatively
simple (e.g. ‘reverse circulation drilling was
used to obtain 1 m samples from which 3 kg
was pulverised to produce a 30 g charge for
fire assay’). In other cases, more explanation
may be required, such as where there is
coarse gold that has inherent sampling
problems. Unusual commodities or
mineralisation types (e.g. submarine
nodules) may warrant disclosure of detailed
information. |  |  | - AusVan 2021 exploration samples have been taken from
diamond core drilling only. Recovery of the core is recorded
in the drill hole lithological logs, which are recorded by
suitably qualified geologists present at the time of drilling.
Geophysical logs were used to correct the recorded depths of
the Toolebuc Formation roof and floor intersections. Sample
from previous explorers have been taken from drill cores.
Recovery of core is recorded in the drill hole lithological logs
which are recorded by suitably qualified geologists present at
the time of drilling.
- Oilcorp 2015 exploration cores were resampled by Vecco in
2018. Cores had previously been longitudinally cut, and then
a sample was obtained from ¼ of the core, prepared by
laboratory technicians working under the direction of the
Project Geologist. |  | 
 | techniques |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
Drilling
techniques |  |  | • Drill type (e.g. core, reverse circulation, open-
hole hammer, rotary air blast, auger,
Bangka, sonic, etc.) and details (e.g. core
diameter, triple or standard tube, depth of
diamond tails, face-sampling bit or other
type, whether core is oriented and if so, by
what method, etc.). |  |  | - The total Project contains 116 holes, including 72 holes drilled
by previous or surrounding explorers, and 44 exploration
holes drilled by AusVan in 2021.
- AusVan 2021 drilling comprised 39 4C-size (100mm) diamond
core holes and 5 RC hole for resource definition. The
conventional drilling method drilled diamond core intervals,
typically over 4.5 m length runs. Core size has been 4C (100
mm) to provide ample material for metallurgical test work.
Drilling was completed by Hodge Drilling Pty Ltd using
McCullochs DR950 drill rig. Holes were drilled vertically;
verticality logs were run to confirm deviation
- Oilcorp 2015 drilling comprised 20 4C-size (100 mm) for
resource definition. Drilling was completed by Hodge Drilling
Pty Ltd using McCullochs DR950 drill rig.
- .Drilling by previous explorers included HMLC (65 mm) coring. |  | 
Drill sample
recovery |  |  | • Method of recording and assessing core and
chip sample recoveries and results assessed.
• Measures taken to maximise sample
recovery and ensure representative nature of
the samples. |  |  | - AusVan 2021 drill chips and core were assessed, logged and
photographed on site by suitably qualified geologists. Linear
recovery was recorded for each core run, comparing the
length of the core recovered versus drill depth. Core
recoveries were generally better than 95%; however, core
recoveries of approximately 80% have been recorded in some |  | 

TABLE:
Drilling
techniques

TABLE:
Drill sample
recovery

Criteria Explanation Commentary
• Whether a relationship exists between softer, weathered, mineralised zones. The core required for
sample recovery and grade and whether analysis was sampled at the core storage facility from core
sample bias may have occurred due to storage boxes after longitudinal core cutting. There is no
preferential loss/gain of fine/coarse known relationship between sample recovery and the assay
material. results received from the laboratory.
- Oilcorp 2015 drill chips and core were assessed, logged and
photographed on site by suitably qualified geologists. Linear
recovery was recorded for each core run, comparing the
length of the core recovered versus drill depth. Core
recoveries were generally better than 95%; however, core
recoveries of approximately 80% have been recorded in some
softer, weathered, mineralised zones.
Logging • Whether core and chip samples have been - AusVan 2021 core and chip samples have been logged in
geologically and geotechnically logged to a detail that, supports the estimation of mineral resources.
level of detail to support appropriate Mineral Geological logging was completed to the CoalLog – Australian
Resource estimation, mining studies and Coal Logging Standard, as developed by the Australian Coal
metallurgical studies. Association Research Program (ACARP) and adopted by the
• Whether logging is qualitative or Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (AusIMM).
quantitative in nature. Core (or costean, The logging system is well suited to stratified sedimentary
channel, etc.) photography. deposits. Logging has been quantitative for recording depth.
• The total length and percentage of the A geologist’s visual interpretation of geological characteristics
relevant intersections logged. and grain size has been used to differentiate rock types.
Qualitative records include percentages of lithologies where
interbedded intervals have been encountered, degree of
weathering and rock strength. A digital photographic record
is maintained for drill core and chip samples.
- Oilcorp 2015 core and chip samples have been logged in
detail that, supports the estimation of mineral resources.
Geological logging was completed to the CoalLog Standard.
Logging has been quantitative for recording depth. A
geologist’s visual interpretation of geological characteristics
and grain size has been used to differentiate rock types.
Qualitative records include percentages of lithologies where
interbedded intervals have been encountered, degree of
weathering and rock strength. A digital photographic record
is maintained for drill core and chip samples.
- Geological logging data is stored in an Isis Vulcan database.
Sub-sampling • If core, whether cut or sawn and whether AusVan 2021 samples were taken across the entire Toolebuc
techniques and quarter, half or all core taken. Formation interval to characterise mineralisation for the
sample • If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled, complete formation. Samples above and below the
preparation rotary split, etc. and whether sampled wet or mineralised formation were also routinely taken for the
dry. characterisation of dilution materials. Core required for
• For all sample types, the nature, quality and laboratory analysis was sampled at the core storage facility
appropriateness of the sample preparation from core storage boxes after longitudinal core cutting. Full
technique. sections (continuous and contiguous) of the quarter core
• Quality control procedures adopted for all diameter of each sample were taken. Core sample intervals
sub-sampling stages to maximise were selected either in smaller increments that represent
representivity of samples. mineralisation horizon and weathering domain boundaries or
• Measures taken to ensure that the sampling lithological units. Check samples included CRMs, lab and
is representative of the in situ material duplicates and blanks were included in the assay stream.
collected, including for instance results for Sample preparation was carried out by Brisbane Metallurgy
field duplicate/second-half sampling. Laboratory Pty Ltd (BML) laboratories in Brisbane, using
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the Australian Standards laboratory procedures. Once BML
grain size of the material being sampled. received the core boxes, cores were longitudinal cut, and
then ¼ core was sampled by laboratory technicians under the
direction of the Project geologist. Samples were crushed,
then pulverised. Pulp samples were 1/8 riffle split for
analyses, with pulp reject retained and stored.
14

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | Explanation |  |  | Commentary | 
 |  |  | • Whether a relationship exists between
sample recovery and grade and whether
sample bias may have occurred due to
preferential loss/gain of fine/coarse
material. |  |  | softer, weathered, mineralised zones. The core required for
analysis was sampled at the core storage facility from core
storage boxes after longitudinal core cutting. There is no
known relationship between sample recovery and the assay
results received from the laboratory.
- Oilcorp 2015 drill chips and core were assessed, logged and
photographed on site by suitably qualified geologists. Linear
recovery was recorded for each core run, comparing the
length of the core recovered versus drill depth. Core
recoveries were generally better than 95%; however, core
recoveries of approximately 80% have been recorded in some
softer, weathered, mineralised zones. |  | 
Logging |  |  | • Whether core and chip samples have been
geologically and geotechnically logged to a
level of detail to support appropriate Mineral
Resource estimation, mining studies and
metallurgical studies.
• Whether logging is qualitative or
quantitative in nature. Core (or costean,
channel, etc.) photography.
• The total length and percentage of the
relevant intersections logged. |  |  | - AusVan 2021 core and chip samples have been logged in
detail that, supports the estimation of mineral resources.
Geological logging was completed to the CoalLog – Australian
Coal Logging Standard, as developed by the Australian Coal
Association Research Program (ACARP) and adopted by the
Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (AusIMM).
The logging system is well suited to stratified sedimentary
deposits. Logging has been quantitative for recording depth.
A geologist’s visual interpretation of geological characteristics
and grain size has been used to differentiate rock types.
Qualitative records include percentages of lithologies where
interbedded intervals have been encountered, degree of
weathering and rock strength. A digital photographic record
is maintained for drill core and chip samples.
- Oilcorp 2015 core and chip samples have been logged in
detail that, supports the estimation of mineral resources.
Geological logging was completed to the CoalLog Standard.
Logging has been quantitative for recording depth. A
geologist’s visual interpretation of geological characteristics
and grain size has been used to differentiate rock types.
Qualitative records include percentages of lithologies where
interbedded intervals have been encountered, degree of
weathering and rock strength. A digital photographic record
is maintained for drill core and chip samples.
- Geological logging data is stored in an Isis Vulcan database. |  | 
Sub-sampling
techniques and
sample
preparation |  |  | • If core, whether cut or sawn and whether
quarter, half or all core taken.
• If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled,
rotary split, etc. and whether sampled wet or
dry.
• For all sample types, the nature, quality and
appropriateness of the sample preparation
technique.
• Quality control procedures adopted for all
sub-sampling stages to maximise
representivity of samples.
• Measures taken to ensure that the sampling
is representative of the in situ material
collected, including for instance results for
field duplicate/second-half sampling.
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the
grain size of the material being sampled. |  |  | AusVan 2021 samples were taken across the entire Toolebuc
Formation interval to characterise mineralisation for the
complete formation. Samples above and below the
mineralised formation were also routinely taken for the
characterisation of dilution materials. Core required for
laboratory analysis was sampled at the core storage facility
from core storage boxes after longitudinal core cutting. Full
sections (continuous and contiguous) of the quarter core
diameter of each sample were taken. Core sample intervals
were selected either in smaller increments that represent
mineralisation horizon and weathering domain boundaries or
lithological units. Check samples included CRMs, lab and
duplicates and blanks were included in the assay stream.
Sample preparation was carried out by Brisbane Metallurgy
Laboratory Pty Ltd (BML) laboratories in Brisbane, using
Australian Standards laboratory procedures. Once BML
received the core boxes, cores were longitudinal cut, and
then ¼ core was sampled by laboratory technicians under the
direction of the Project geologist. Samples were crushed,
then pulverised. Pulp samples were 1/8 riffle split for
analyses, with pulp reject retained and stored. |  | 

TABLE:
Sub-sampling
techniques and
sample
preparation

Criteria Explanation Commentary
- Vecco 2018 Sample preparation was carried out by ALS
laboratories in Brisbane. Samples were weighted and entered
into a sample tracking system. Check samples included CRMs,
lab and duplicates and blanks were included in the assay
stream. Samples were then dried and crushed to ensure that
70% of the sample was below 2 mm, and then a 250 g split
riffled off with the remaining stored as a reserve. The 250 g
splits were then milled to 75 µm. Pulp samples were split for
each analytical method, with the pulp reject retained and
stored.
Quality of assay • The nature, quality and appropriateness of - AusVan 2021 samples were transported to Nagrom
data and the assaying and laboratory procedures used Laboratories in Perth for ICP-OES analysis. Nargrom samples
laboratory tests and whether the technique is considered were digested and analysed for Al, Ca, Cu, Fe, Mg, Na, P, Si, V,
partial or total. Zn. BML completed moisture analyses by method AS1038.1-
• For geophysical tools, spectrometers, 3 and density analyses by method AS1038.21.1.
handheld XRF instruments, etc., the - Vecco 2018 samples were analyses by ALS Brisbane using ICP-
parameters used in determining the analysis OES (ME-ICP41) and XRF (XRF15b) method. The sample were
including instrument make and model, analysed by XRF for Al O, As, BaO, CaO, Co, Cr, Cu, Fe, HfO,
2 3
reading times, calibrations factors applied K O, La O, MgO, Mn, Mo, Nb, Ni, P O, Pb, Rb, S, Sb, SiO , Sn,
2 2 3 2 5 2
and their derivation, etc. Sr, TiO , V, W, Y O , Zn, Zr. Sample tested by ICP were
2 2 3
• Nature of quality control procedures adopted digrested by aqua regia and analysed for Al, As, B, Ba, Be, Bi,
(e.g. standards, blanks, duplicates, external Ca, Cd, Co, Cr, Cu, Fe, Ga, Hg, K, La, Mg, Mn, Mo, Na, Ni, P, Pb,
laboratory checks) and whether acceptable S, Sb, Sc, Sr, Th, Ti, Tl, U, V, W, Zn.
levels of accuracy (i.e. lack of bias) and
- Vecco 2018 external laboratory checks were completed with
precision have been established.
complete duplicate tested by ALS Brisbane by ICP-OES and
XRF analytical methods.
- Blank and Certified Reference Materials (CRMs) have been
included in sample batches to monitor accuracy.
- AusVan 2021 and Vecco 2015 Downhole geophysical logging
was completed by Weatherfords with service and equipment
to the American Petroleum Institute (API) standards Q1 and
14A, and logs were recorded to international Logging Ascii
Standards (LAS). The parameters surveyed are appropriate
for use in conjunction with lithological data to determine the
Toolebuc Formation roof and floor locations.
Verification of • The verification of significant intersections by - There are strong visual indicators of the Project’s mineralised
sampling and either independent or alternative company interval observed in the drill core, and significant assays are
assaying personnel. visually verified against drill hole photographs.
• The use of twinned holes. - Where anomalous results are detected, it is standard practice
• Documentation of primary data, data entry for the laboratory to retest the sample.
procedures, data verification, data storage
- Twinned hole testing has been included in the exploration
(physical and electronic) protocols.
program.
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data
- Adjustments were made to the reported assay data; where
Lab reported vanadium results as element or ppm it was
converted to oxide weight percent using standard practices
Location of data • Accuracy and quality of surveys used to - AusVan 2021 drillhole collar survey was completed by Diverse
points locate drill holes (collar and down-hole Surveys Pty Ltd using Leica GS18 equipment. Collar locations
surveys), trenches, mine workings and other are stored in grid datum GDA94 projected onto MGA94 zone
locations used in Mineral Resource 54.
estimation. - OilCorp 2015 drillhole collar survey was completed by
• Specification of the grid system used. Lodewyk Surveys Pty Ltd.
• Quality and adequacy of topographic control.
- Holes were drilled vertically; verticality logs were run to
confirm deviation.
15

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | Explanation |  |  | Commentary | 
 |  |  |  |  |  | - Vecco 2018 Sample preparation was carried out by ALS
laboratories in Brisbane. Samples were weighted and entered
into a sample tracking system. Check samples included CRMs,
lab and duplicates and blanks were included in the assay
stream. Samples were then dried and crushed to ensure that
70% of the sample was below 2 mm, and then a 250 g split
riffled off with the remaining stored as a reserve. The 250 g
splits were then milled to 75 µm. Pulp samples were split for
each analytical method, with the pulp reject retained and
stored. |  | 
Quality of assay
data and
laboratory tests |  |  | • The nature, quality and appropriateness of
the assaying and laboratory procedures used
and whether the technique is considered
partial or total.
• For geophysical tools, spectrometers,
handheld XRF instruments, etc., the
parameters used in determining the analysis
including instrument make and model,
reading times, calibrations factors applied
and their derivation, etc.
• Nature of quality control procedures adopted
(e.g. standards, blanks, duplicates, external
laboratory checks) and whether acceptable
levels of accuracy (i.e. lack of bias) and
precision have been established. |  |  | - AusVan 2021 samples were transported to Nagrom
Laboratories in Perth for ICP-OES analysis. Nargrom samples
were digested and analysed for Al, Ca, Cu, Fe, Mg, Na, P, Si, V,
Zn. BML completed moisture analyses by method AS1038.1-
3 and density analyses by method AS1038.21.1.
- Vecco 2018 samples were analyses by ALS Brisbane using ICP-
OES (ME-ICP41) and XRF (XRF15b) method. The sample were
analysed by XRF for Al O, As, BaO, CaO, Co, Cr, Cu, Fe, HfO,
2 3
K O, La O, MgO, Mn, Mo, Nb, Ni, P O, Pb, Rb, S, Sb, SiO , Sn,
2 2 3 2 5 2
Sr, TiO , V, W, Y O , Zn, Zr. Sample tested by ICP were
2 2 3
digrested by aqua regia and analysed for Al, As, B, Ba, Be, Bi,
Ca, Cd, Co, Cr, Cu, Fe, Ga, Hg, K, La, Mg, Mn, Mo, Na, Ni, P, Pb,
S, Sb, Sc, Sr, Th, Ti, Tl, U, V, W, Zn.
- Vecco 2018 external laboratory checks were completed with
complete duplicate tested by ALS Brisbane by ICP-OES and
XRF analytical methods.
- Blank and Certified Reference Materials (CRMs) have been
included in sample batches to monitor accuracy.
- AusVan 2021 and Vecco 2015 Downhole geophysical logging
was completed by Weatherfords with service and equipment
to the American Petroleum Institute (API) standards Q1 and
14A, and logs were recorded to international Logging Ascii
Standards (LAS). The parameters surveyed are appropriate
for use in conjunction with lithological data to determine the
Toolebuc Formation roof and floor locations. |  | 
Verification of
sampling and
assaying |  |  | • The verification of significant intersections by
either independent or alternative company
personnel.
• The use of twinned holes.
• Documentation of primary data, data entry
procedures, data verification, data storage
(physical and electronic) protocols.
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data |  |  | - There are strong visual indicators of the Project’s mineralised
interval observed in the drill core, and significant assays are
visually verified against drill hole photographs.
- Where anomalous results are detected, it is standard practice
for the laboratory to retest the sample.
- Twinned hole testing has been included in the exploration
program.
- Adjustments were made to the reported assay data; where
Lab reported vanadium results as element or ppm it was
converted to oxide weight percent using standard practices |  | 
Location of data
points |  |  | • Accuracy and quality of surveys used to
locate drill holes (collar and down-hole
surveys), trenches, mine workings and other
locations used in Mineral Resource
estimation.
• Specification of the grid system used.
• Quality and adequacy of topographic control. |  |  | - AusVan 2021 drillhole collar survey was completed by Diverse
Surveys Pty Ltd using Leica GS18 equipment. Collar locations
are stored in grid datum GDA94 projected onto MGA94 zone
54.
- OilCorp 2015 drillhole collar survey was completed by
Lodewyk Surveys Pty Ltd.
- Holes were drilled vertically; verticality logs were run to
confirm deviation. |  | 

TABLE:
Quality of assay
data and
laboratory tests

TABLE:
Verification of
sampling and
assaying

TABLE:
Location of data
points

Criteria Explanation Commentary
- The topography model was created from local survey points
and the 38 m regional SRTM elevation dataset and corrected
to the RTK survey points.
Data spacing and • Data spacing for reporting of Exploration - Within the current Project Allaru North resource area drill
distribution Results. hole spacing is typically 1000 m. Within the Allaru Central
• Whether the data spacing and distribution is resource area drillhole spacing is between 2000 m to 4000 m
sufficient to establish the degree of - Drill hole spacing is considered appropriate for the
geological and grade continuity appropriate confidence classification.
for the Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve
- Drill hole spacing was developed based on coal stratigraphic
estimation procedure(s) and classifications
deposit guidelines and assessment of the consistency of the
applied.
key mineralisation domains variables. No specific variography
• Whether sample compositing has been
study was completed for the MRE.
applied.
- AusVan 2021 and Vecco 2018 sample compositing of grade
data was calculated by thickness weighted averages from
individual sample results across horizon-by-horizon, to
represent the mineralised domains.
Orientation of • Whether the orientation of sampling - Drill holes have been equally spaced across the deposit. This
data in relation achieves unbiased sampling of possible drilling pattern is considered appropriate due to the shallow
to geological structures and the extent to which this is dipping nature of the formation. The locations of the drill
structure known, considering the deposit type. holes have been sited to achieve maximum understanding of
• If the relationship between the drilling the exploration area.
orientation and the orientation of key - The drill hole pattern to date is not expected to introduce any
mineralised structures is considered to have bias to the resource estimate.
introduced a sampling bias, this should be
assessed and reported if material.
Sample security • The measures taken to ensure sample - AusVan 2021 core samples are placed into core trays,
security. labelled, sealed and secured for transport by the Project
geologists. Appropriate consignment notes are used in the
process. Drill core samples are assigned unique sample
identification numbers during sampling. Sample numbers,
hole numbers, depth intervals and Project are written on the
sample bags, and a sample id tag is included within the bag. A
“Sample Manifest” is recorded during sampling and provides
the basis of the sample Chain of Custody. The full sample
manifest is sent to the laboratory with sample shipments to
ensure that all samples are received by the laboratory.
Audits or • The results of any audits or reviews of - There are no documented reviews or audits of the estimate.
reviews sampling techniques and data. The geological model was reviewed internally by BOYD and
deemed acceptable for resource estimation.
Section 2 - Reporting of Exploration Results
(Criteria listed in the preceding section also apply to this section.)
Criteria Explanation Commentary
Mineral • Type, reference name/number, location and - The AusVan tenure covers 1,498 km2.
tenement and ownership including agreements or material - The project is held under Exploration Permits for Minerals
land tenure issues with third parties such as joint (EPC) 19745, 19746, 19748, 25268, 27562, 28615 and
status ventures, partnerships, overriding royalties, application 26816, which AusVan Battery Metals Pty Ltd is the
native title interests, historical sites, authorised holder.
wilderness or national park and
- To the extent known, the tenure is in good standing
environmental settings.
• The security of the tenure held at the time of
reporting along with any known
16

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | Explanation |  |  | Commentary | 
 |  |  |  |  |  | - The topography model was created from local survey points
and the 38 m regional SRTM elevation dataset and corrected
to the RTK survey points. |  | 
Data spacing and
distribution |  |  | • Data spacing for reporting of Exploration
Results.
• Whether the data spacing and distribution is
sufficient to establish the degree of
geological and grade continuity appropriate
for the Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve
estimation procedure(s) and classifications
applied.
• Whether sample compositing has been
applied. |  |  | - Within the current Project Allaru North resource area drill
hole spacing is typically 1000 m. Within the Allaru Central
resource area drillhole spacing is between 2000 m to 4000 m
- Drill hole spacing is considered appropriate for the
confidence classification.
- Drill hole spacing was developed based on coal stratigraphic
deposit guidelines and assessment of the consistency of the
key mineralisation domains variables. No specific variography
study was completed for the MRE.
- AusVan 2021 and Vecco 2018 sample compositing of grade
data was calculated by thickness weighted averages from
individual sample results across horizon-by-horizon, to
represent the mineralised domains. |  | 
Orientation of
data in relation
to geological
structure |  |  | • Whether the orientation of sampling
achieves unbiased sampling of possible
structures and the extent to which this is
known, considering the deposit type.
• If the relationship between the drilling
orientation and the orientation of key
mineralised structures is considered to have
introduced a sampling bias, this should be
assessed and reported if material. |  |  | - Drill holes have been equally spaced across the deposit. This
drilling pattern is considered appropriate due to the shallow
dipping nature of the formation. The locations of the drill
holes have been sited to achieve maximum understanding of
the exploration area.
- The drill hole pattern to date is not expected to introduce any
bias to the resource estimate. |  | 
Sample security |  |  | • The measures taken to ensure sample
security. |  |  | - AusVan 2021 core samples are placed into core trays,
labelled, sealed and secured for transport by the Project
geologists. Appropriate consignment notes are used in the
process. Drill core samples are assigned unique sample
identification numbers during sampling. Sample numbers,
hole numbers, depth intervals and Project are written on the
sample bags, and a sample id tag is included within the bag. A
“Sample Manifest” is recorded during sampling and provides
the basis of the sample Chain of Custody. The full sample
manifest is sent to the laboratory with sample shipments to
ensure that all samples are received by the laboratory. |  | 
Audits or
reviews |  |  | • The results of any audits or reviews of
sampling techniques and data. |  |  | - There are no documented reviews or audits of the estimate.
The geological model was reviewed internally by BOYD and
deemed acceptable for resource estimation. |  | 

TABLE:
Data spacing and
distribution

TABLE:
Orientation of
data in relation
to geological
structure

TABLE:
Audits or
reviews

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | Explanation |  | Commentary
Mineral
tenement and
land tenure
status | Mineral |  | • Type, reference name/number, location and
ownership including agreements or material
issues with third parties such as joint
ventures, partnerships, overriding royalties,
native title interests, historical sites,
wilderness or national park and
environmental settings.
• The security of the tenure held at the time of
reporting along with any known |  |  | - The AusVan tenure covers 1,498 km2.
- The project is held under Exploration Permits for Minerals
(EPC) 19745, 19746, 19748, 25268, 27562, 28615 and
application 26816, which AusVan Battery Metals Pty Ltd is the
authorised holder.
- To the extent known, the tenure is in good standing
 | tenement and |  |  |  |  | 
 | land tenure |  |  |  |  | 
 | status |  |  |  |  | 

Criteria Explanation Commentary
impediments to obtaining a licence to
operate in the area.
Exploration done • Acknowledgment and appraisal of - Exploration drilling for the project has been compiled from
by other parties exploration by other parties. previous explorers, including Oilcorp, Pacific Coal, and Shell
Development.
Geology • Deposit type, geological setting and style of - The Project’s vanadium mineralisation is strata-bound in the
mineralisation. Toolebuc Formation, which is a flat-lying, laterally continuous
limestone and shale layer. Primarily syngenetic enrichment is
considered as the source of anomalous levels of vanadium in
the Toolebuc Formation. Secondary vanadium enrichment is
interpreted to occur as the Toolebuc shales weather.
Drill hole • A summary of all information material to the - A summary of the drill holes for the project is presented in
Information understanding of the exploration results resource report.
including a tabulation of the following - Summaries of drill hole statistics are provided in this report.
information for all Material drill holes: Maps showing the location of the drill holes are presented
• easting and northing of the drill hole collar throughout this report.
• elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation
above sea level in metres) of the drill hole
collar
• dip and azimuth of the hole
• down hole length and interception depth
• hole length.
• If the exclusion of this information is justified
on the basis that the information is not
Material and this exclusion does not detract
from the understanding of the report, the
Competent Person should clearly explain why
this is the case
Data aggregation • In reporting Exploration Results, weighting - Sample results compositing was calculated by thickness
methods averaging techniques, maximum and/or weighted averages from individual samples across the coal
minimum grade truncations (e.g. cutting of seams.
high grades) and cut-off grades are usually - Compositing of assay samples was undertaken using Maptek
Material and should be stated. Vulcan 3D software compositing tools. Details of the
• Where aggregate intercepts incorporate compositing is discussed in the resource report.
short lengths of high grade results and longer
- Intercepts of the V O mineralised zone, based on a sample
2 5
lengths of low grade results, the procedure
cut-off grade of 0.26% V O for the TLBB-TLBE horizons,
2 5
used for such aggregation should be stated
respectively.
and some typical examples of such
aggregations should be shown in detail.
• The assumptions used for any reporting of
metal equivalent values should be clearly
stated
Relationship • These relationships are particularly - All drilling is vertical, intersecting the flat-lying mineralised
between important in the reporting of Exploration zone at approximately 90 degrees, and is therefore assumed
mineralisation Results. to be unbiased due to orientation.
widths and • If the geometry of the mineralisation with - All holes were intended to be drilled vertically. Verticality logs
intercept length respect to the drill hole angle is known, its were run to confirm deviation.
nature should be reported. • If it is not known
- The down hole deviation was assessed as negligible.
and only the down hole lengths are reported,
- Given the process of core holes, geophysical corrections and
there should be a clear statement to this
sampling methodology, the true seam thickness is known to
effect (e.g. ‘down hole length, true width not
cm scale.
known’).
Diagrams • Appropriate maps and sections (with scales) - Plans and tabulation of drill hole information have been
and tabulations of intercepts should be included throughout the resource report.
included for any significant discovery being
reported These should include, but not be
17

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | Explanation |  | Commentary
 |  |  | impediments to obtaining a licence to
operate in the area. |  |  | 
Exploration done
by other parties |  |  | • Acknowledgment and appraisal of
exploration by other parties. |  |  | - Exploration drilling for the project has been compiled from
previous explorers, including Oilcorp, Pacific Coal, and Shell
Development.
Geology |  |  | • Deposit type, geological setting and style of
mineralisation. |  |  | - The Project’s vanadium mineralisation is strata-bound in the
Toolebuc Formation, which is a flat-lying, laterally continuous
limestone and shale layer. Primarily syngenetic enrichment is
considered as the source of anomalous levels of vanadium in
the Toolebuc Formation. Secondary vanadium enrichment is
interpreted to occur as the Toolebuc shales weather.
Drill hole
Information |  |  | • A summary of all information material to the
understanding of the exploration results
including a tabulation of the following
information for all Material drill holes:
• easting and northing of the drill hole collar
• elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation
above sea level in metres) of the drill hole
collar
• dip and azimuth of the hole
• down hole length and interception depth
• hole length.
• If the exclusion of this information is justified
on the basis that the information is not
Material and this exclusion does not detract
from the understanding of the report, the
Competent Person should clearly explain why
this is the case |  |  | - A summary of the drill holes for the project is presented in
resource report.
- Summaries of drill hole statistics are provided in this report.
Maps showing the location of the drill holes are presented
throughout this report.
Data aggregation
methods |  |  | • In reporting Exploration Results, weighting
averaging techniques, maximum and/or
minimum grade truncations (e.g. cutting of
high grades) and cut-off grades are usually
Material and should be stated.
• Where aggregate intercepts incorporate
short lengths of high grade results and longer
lengths of low grade results, the procedure
used for such aggregation should be stated
and some typical examples of such
aggregations should be shown in detail.
• The assumptions used for any reporting of
metal equivalent values should be clearly
stated |  |  | - Sample results compositing was calculated by thickness
weighted averages from individual samples across the coal
seams.
- Compositing of assay samples was undertaken using Maptek
Vulcan 3D software compositing tools. Details of the
compositing is discussed in the resource report.
- Intercepts of the V O mineralised zone, based on a sample
2 5
cut-off grade of 0.26% V O for the TLBB-TLBE horizons,
2 5
respectively.
Relationship
between
mineralisation
widths and
intercept length |  |  | • These relationships are particularly
important in the reporting of Exploration
Results.
• If the geometry of the mineralisation with
respect to the drill hole angle is known, its
nature should be reported. • If it is not known
and only the down hole lengths are reported,
there should be a clear statement to this
effect (e.g. ‘down hole length, true width not
known’). |  |  | - All drilling is vertical, intersecting the flat-lying mineralised
zone at approximately 90 degrees, and is therefore assumed
to be unbiased due to orientation.
- All holes were intended to be drilled vertically. Verticality logs
were run to confirm deviation.
- The down hole deviation was assessed as negligible.
- Given the process of core holes, geophysical corrections and
sampling methodology, the true seam thickness is known to
cm scale.
Diagrams |  |  | • Appropriate maps and sections (with scales)
and tabulations of intercepts should be
included for any significant discovery being
reported These should include, but not be |  |  | - Plans and tabulation of drill hole information have been
included throughout the resource report.

TABLE:
Exploration done
by other parties

TABLE:
Drill hole
Information

TABLE:
Data aggregation
methods

TABLE:
Relationship
between
mineralisation
widths and
intercept length

Criteria Explanation Commentary
limited to a plan view of drill hole collar
locations and appropriate sectional views.
Balanced • Where comprehensive reporting of all - Summaries of the drill hole data are provided in the resource
reporting Exploration Results is not practicable, report
representative reporting of both low and high - Plans of the data set are provided in the report.
grades and/or widths should be practiced to
avoid misleading reporting of Exploration
Results.
Other • Other exploration data, if meaningful and - Regional gravity and magnetic surveys have been completed
substantive material, should be reported including (but over the project area. The GSQ regional magnetic structural
exploration data not limited to): geological observations; interpretation has been incorporated into the geological
geophysical survey results; geochemical model.
survey results; bulk samples – size and - Metallugical studies been undertaken by BML to refine the
method of treatment; metallurgical test Project flowsheet. Testing work is ongoing for the Project.
results; bulk density, groundwater,
geotechnical and rock characteristics;
potential deleterious or contaminating
substances.
Further work • The nature and scale of planned further work - Further exploration work is recommended to define the
(e.g. tests for lateral extensions or depth lateral stratigraphic continuation and grade throughout the
extensions or large-scale step-out drilling). resource area, targeting shallow weathered mineral
• Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of resources.
possible extensions, including the main - -Further metallurgical work is recommended to develop and
geological interpretations and future drilling refine Project process flowsheet.
areas, provided this information is not
commercially sensitive.
Section 3 - Estimation and Reporting of Mineral Resources
(Criteria listed in section 1, and where relevant in section 2, also apply to this section.)
Criteria Explanation Commentary
Database • Measures taken to ensure that data has not - Field logs are entered into Excel where code and depth
integrity been corrupted by, for example, transcription checks were made, before loading into the ISIS database. The
or keying errors, between its initial collection ISIS database also has auditing and validation tools that are
and its use for Mineral Resource estimation applied when the data is uploaded.
purposes. - Thickness anomalies were investigated to ensure they did not
• Data validation procedures used. introduce inaccurate bias to the model.
- Major element analysis results were checked to ensure they
totalled 100%.
Site visits • Comment on any site visits undertaken by the - Site visit to the Project was completed by the Competent
Competent Person and the outcome of those Person in April 2021 as part of the MRE.
visits. - During the site visit the exploration site was observed and
• If no site visits have been undertaken indicate discussion were had with the exploration team regarding
why this is the case. drilling, logging, sampling practices. Project exploration and
data capture was being completed in line with industry
standard practices.
Geological • Confidence in (or conversely, the uncertainty - The density of drilling allows for a confidence in the volume
interpretation of) the geological interpretation of the of the Toolebuc Formation within the resource area of the
mineral deposit. deposit. The extensions of this area are less densely drilled;
• Nature of the data used and of any thus, the confidence in this area is reduced. This is reflected
assumptions made. in the resource classification.
18

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | Explanation |  | Commentary
 |  |  | limited to a plan view of drill hole collar
locations and appropriate sectional views. |  |  | 
Balanced
reporting |  |  | • Where comprehensive reporting of all
Exploration Results is not practicable,
representative reporting of both low and high
grades and/or widths should be practiced to
avoid misleading reporting of Exploration
Results. |  |  | - Summaries of the drill hole data are provided in the resource
report
- Plans of the data set are provided in the report.
Other
substantive
exploration data |  |  | • Other exploration data, if meaningful and
material, should be reported including (but
not limited to): geological observations;
geophysical survey results; geochemical
survey results; bulk samples – size and
method of treatment; metallurgical test
results; bulk density, groundwater,
geotechnical and rock characteristics;
potential deleterious or contaminating
substances. |  |  | - Regional gravity and magnetic surveys have been completed
over the project area. The GSQ regional magnetic structural
interpretation has been incorporated into the geological
model.
- Metallugical studies been undertaken by BML to refine the
Project flowsheet. Testing work is ongoing for the Project.
Further work |  |  | • The nature and scale of planned further work
(e.g. tests for lateral extensions or depth
extensions or large-scale step-out drilling).
• Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of
possible extensions, including the main
geological interpretations and future drilling
areas, provided this information is not
commercially sensitive. |  |  | - Further exploration work is recommended to define the
lateral stratigraphic continuation and grade throughout the
resource area, targeting shallow weathered mineral
resources.
- -Further metallurgical work is recommended to develop and
refine Project process flowsheet.

TABLE:
Balanced
reporting

TABLE:
Other
substantive
exploration data

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | Explanation |  |  | Commentary | 
Database
integrity | Database |  | • Measures taken to ensure that data has not
been corrupted by, for example, transcription
or keying errors, between its initial collection
and its use for Mineral Resource estimation
purposes.
• Data validation procedures used. |  |  | - Field logs are entered into Excel where code and depth
checks were made, before loading into the ISIS database. The
ISIS database also has auditing and validation tools that are
applied when the data is uploaded.
- Thickness anomalies were investigated to ensure they did not
introduce inaccurate bias to the model.
- Major element analysis results were checked to ensure they
totalled 100%. |  | 
 | integrity |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
Site visits |  |  | • Comment on any site visits undertaken by the
Competent Person and the outcome of those
visits.
• If no site visits have been undertaken indicate
why this is the case. |  |  | - Site visit to the Project was completed by the Competent
Person in April 2021 as part of the MRE.
- During the site visit the exploration site was observed and
discussion were had with the exploration team regarding
drilling, logging, sampling practices. Project exploration and
data capture was being completed in line with industry
standard practices. |  | 
Geological
interpretation |  |  | • Confidence in (or conversely, the uncertainty
of) the geological interpretation of the
mineral deposit.
• Nature of the data used and of any
assumptions made. |  |  | - The density of drilling allows for a confidence in the volume
of the Toolebuc Formation within the resource area of the
deposit. The extensions of this area are less densely drilled;
thus, the confidence in this area is reduced. This is reflected
in the resource classification. |  | 

TABLE:
Geological
interpretation

Criteria Explanation Commentary
• The effect, if any, of alternative - The interpretation of geological structure and deposit
interpretations on Mineral Resource undulation is based on closely spaced drill holes.
estimation. - The geological horizons of the Toolebuc Formation are a
• The use of geology in guiding and controlling primary guidance of the Mineral Resource controls.
Mineral Resource estimation.
- The base of weathering horizon was used to separate
• The factors affecting continuity both of grade
metallurgical domains of the resource as weathered or fresh
and geology.
material.
Dimensions • The extent and variability of the Mineral - The strike length of the deposit is approximately 20 km. The
Resource expressed as length (along strike or total width is 5 km.
otherwise), plan width, and depth below - The subcrop is between 25.0 m to 38.5 m deep. The resource
surface to the upper and lower limits of the was reported by working section.
Mineral Resource.
Estimation and • The nature and appropriateness of the - A 100 m x 100 m grid mesh was used. Fixdhd stratigraphic
modelling estimation technique(s) applied and key interpolation tools were applied. Triangulation and Inverse
techniques assumptions, including treatment of extreme distance extrapolation were used for stratigraphic and grade
grade values, domaining, interpolation models, respectively.
parameters and maximum distance of - Down-dip extrapolation of the resource is minimal due to the
extrapolation from data points. If a computer shallow-dipping formation and depth of overburden cut-off.
assisted estimation method was chosen
- The grades across the deposit are generally stable and free
include a description of computer software
from extreme grade variation. Exclusions on the basis of
and parameters used.
statistical analysis were not applied.
• The availability of check estimates, previous
- Weathered and fresh domains are present in the deposit.
estimates and/or mine production records
and whether the Mineral Resource estimate - The resource report represents an updated Mineral Resource
takes appropriate account of such data. for the Project. Comparisons with previously reported
• The assumptions made regarding recovery of vanadium estimates are provided in the resource report.
by-products. - A wide range of elements was completed, to provide
• Estimation of deleterious elements or other information to mine planning for potentially deleterious
non-grade variables of economic significance elements. Excess silica, calcium, and iron contents are
(e.g. sulphur for acid mine drainage deleterious in the hydrometallurgical process.
characterisation).
- The Project was stratigraphically modelled – block model
• In the case of block model interpolation, the
parameters and assumptions are not applicable.
block size in relation to the average sample
- Stratigraphic horizons and weathering domains were
spacing and the search employed.
modelled separately due to lithology, mineralogy and
• Any assumptions behind modelling of
metallurgical differences.
selective mining units.
• Any assumptions about correlation between - The use of design strings was used in part to control the
variables. structural interpretation. The approach was typically applied
• Description of how the geological to refine modelling extrapolation beyond the project area.
interpretation was used to control the The use of such data provides a more robust geological
resource estimates. model.
• Discussion of basis for using or not using - Contours of thickness and modelled grade parameters were
grade cutting or capping. generated and compared to the drill hole data.
• The process of validation, the checking - Modelled surfaces were checked to ensure they were
process used, the comparison of model data positioned at the appropriate horizon in the drill holes.
to drill hole data, and use of reconciliation
- Resource area, volumes & mass were checked by arithmetic.
data if available.
Moisture • Whether the tonnages are estimated on a dry - Tonnage was reported on an estimated on a dry moisture
basis or with natural moisture, and the basis.
method of determination of the moisture - Assay grade parameters are reported on an dry basis.
content.
Cut-off • The basis of the adopted cut-off grade(s) or - A minimum cut-off grade of 0.26% V 2 O 5 (wt%) was applied to
parameters quality parameters applied. the MRE working section based on surrounding comparable
deposits.
Mining factors or • Assumptions made regarding possible - The working section horizons are of sufficient thickness to
assumptions mining methods, minimum mining allow open cut excavation using common mining equipment.
19

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | Explanation |  |  | Commentary | 
 |  |  | • The effect, if any, of alternative
interpretations on Mineral Resource
estimation.
• The use of geology in guiding and controlling
Mineral Resource estimation.
• The factors affecting continuity both of grade
and geology. |  |  | - The interpretation of geological structure and deposit
undulation is based on closely spaced drill holes.
- The geological horizons of the Toolebuc Formation are a
primary guidance of the Mineral Resource controls.
- The base of weathering horizon was used to separate
metallurgical domains of the resource as weathered or fresh
material. |  | 
Dimensions |  |  | • The extent and variability of the Mineral
Resource expressed as length (along strike or
otherwise), plan width, and depth below
surface to the upper and lower limits of the
Mineral Resource. |  |  | - The strike length of the deposit is approximately 20 km. The
total width is 5 km.
- The subcrop is between 25.0 m to 38.5 m deep. The resource
was reported by working section. |  | 
Estimation and
modelling
techniques |  |  | • The nature and appropriateness of the
estimation technique(s) applied and key
assumptions, including treatment of extreme
grade values, domaining, interpolation
parameters and maximum distance of
extrapolation from data points. If a computer
assisted estimation method was chosen
include a description of computer software
and parameters used.
• The availability of check estimates, previous
estimates and/or mine production records
and whether the Mineral Resource estimate
takes appropriate account of such data.
• The assumptions made regarding recovery of
by-products.
• Estimation of deleterious elements or other
non-grade variables of economic significance
(e.g. sulphur for acid mine drainage
characterisation).
• In the case of block model interpolation, the
block size in relation to the average sample
spacing and the search employed.
• Any assumptions behind modelling of
selective mining units.
• Any assumptions about correlation between
variables.
• Description of how the geological
interpretation was used to control the
resource estimates.
• Discussion of basis for using or not using
grade cutting or capping.
• The process of validation, the checking
process used, the comparison of model data
to drill hole data, and use of reconciliation
data if available. |  |  | - A 100 m x 100 m grid mesh was used. Fixdhd stratigraphic
interpolation tools were applied. Triangulation and Inverse
distance extrapolation were used for stratigraphic and grade
models, respectively.
- Down-dip extrapolation of the resource is minimal due to the
shallow-dipping formation and depth of overburden cut-off.
- The grades across the deposit are generally stable and free
from extreme grade variation. Exclusions on the basis of
statistical analysis were not applied.
- Weathered and fresh domains are present in the deposit.
- The resource report represents an updated Mineral Resource
for the Project. Comparisons with previously reported
vanadium estimates are provided in the resource report.
- A wide range of elements was completed, to provide
information to mine planning for potentially deleterious
elements. Excess silica, calcium, and iron contents are
deleterious in the hydrometallurgical process.
- The Project was stratigraphically modelled – block model
parameters and assumptions are not applicable.
- Stratigraphic horizons and weathering domains were
modelled separately due to lithology, mineralogy and
metallurgical differences.
- The use of design strings was used in part to control the
structural interpretation. The approach was typically applied
to refine modelling extrapolation beyond the project area.
The use of such data provides a more robust geological
model.
- Contours of thickness and modelled grade parameters were
generated and compared to the drill hole data.
- Modelled surfaces were checked to ensure they were
positioned at the appropriate horizon in the drill holes.
- Resource area, volumes & mass were checked by arithmetic. |  | 
Moisture |  |  | • Whether the tonnages are estimated on a dry
basis or with natural moisture, and the
method of determination of the moisture
content. |  |  | - Tonnage was reported on an estimated on a dry moisture
basis.
- Assay grade parameters are reported on an dry basis. |  | 
Cut-off
parameters |  |  | • The basis of the adopted cut-off grade(s) or
quality parameters applied. |  |  | - A minimum cut-off grade of 0.26% V O (wt%) was applied to
2 5
the MRE working section based on surrounding comparable
deposits. |  | 
 | Mining factors or |  | • Assumptions made regarding possible
mining methods, minimum mining |  |  | - The working section horizons are of sufficient thickness to
allow open cut excavation using common mining equipment. |  | 
 | assumptions |  |  |  |  |  |  | 

TABLE:
Estimation and
modelling
techniques

TABLE:
Cut-off
parameters

Criteria Explanation Commentary
dimensions and internal (or, if applicable,
external) mining dilution. It is always
necessary as part of the process of
determining reasonable prospects for
eventual economic extraction to consider
potential mining methods, but the
assumptions made regarding mining
methods and parameters when estimating
Mineral Resources may not always be
rigorous. Where this is the case, this should
be reported with an explanation of the basis
of the mining assumptions made.
Metallurgical • The basis for assumptions or predictions - Brisbane Met Labs prepared preliminary vanadium
factors or regarding metallurgical amenability. It is metallurgical options for ore from AusVan’s associated
assumptions always necessary as part of the process of Toolebuc Vanadium project. They report that, based on
determining reasonable prospects for comparable metallurgical work on the Toolebuc Formation, a
eventual economic extraction to consider low-cost process of flotation, atmospheric acid leaching and
potential metallurgical methods, but the solvent extraction is expected to achieve vanadium extraction
assumptions regarding metallurgical of 85% to 95%.
treatment processes and parameters made - The Project preliminary metallurgical flowsheet is provided in
when reporting Mineral Resources may not resource report.
always be rigorous. Where this is the case,
this should be reported with an explanation
of the basis of the metallurgical assumptions
made.
Environmental • Assumptions made regarding possible waste - The resource lies associated to the floodplain of the Flinders
factors or and process residue disposal options. It is River. Preliminary studies have been conducted to determine
assumptions always necessary as part of the process of the potential risk of floodwaters and likely design
determining reasonable prospects for requirements.
eventual economic extraction to consider the
potential environmental impacts of the
mining and processing operation. While at
this stage the determination of potential
environmental impacts, particularly for a
greenfields project, may not always be well
advanced, the status of early consideration
of these potential environmental impacts
should be reported. Where these aspects
have not been considered this should be
reported with an explanation of the
environmental assumptions made.
Bulk density • Whether assumed or determined. If - Tonnage was reported on an estimated in situ density basis.
assumed, the basis for the assumptions. If - Relative Density (air-dried) was determined from laboratory
determined, the method used, whether wet analysis of drill hole samples.
or dry, the frequency of the measurements,
- Previous explorers have established and adopted default
the nature, size and representativeness of the
Toolebuc Formation shale density of 1.85 g/cm3 (db). AusVan
samples.
completed density testing and established a higher density
• The bulk density for bulk material must have
may be more suitable, however applied a default 1.85 g/cm3
been measured by methods that adequately
density in the basis of consistency and conservativeness.
account for void spaces (vugs, porosity, etc.),
moisture and differences between rock and
alteration zones within the deposit.
• Discuss assumptions for bulk density
estimates used in the evaluation process of
the different materials.
Classification • The basis for the classification of the Mineral - The distances between points of observation were used as a
Resources into varying confidence guide to classifying the resource. However, the resource
categories. limits were refined based on geological domains and the
20

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | Explanation |  |  | Commentary | 
 |  |  | dimensions and internal (or, if applicable,
external) mining dilution. It is always
necessary as part of the process of
determining reasonable prospects for
eventual economic extraction to consider
potential mining methods, but the
assumptions made regarding mining
methods and parameters when estimating
Mineral Resources may not always be
rigorous. Where this is the case, this should
be reported with an explanation of the basis
of the mining assumptions made. |  |  |  |  | 
Metallurgical
factors or
assumptions |  |  | • The basis for assumptions or predictions
regarding metallurgical amenability. It is
always necessary as part of the process of
determining reasonable prospects for
eventual economic extraction to consider
potential metallurgical methods, but the
assumptions regarding metallurgical
treatment processes and parameters made
when reporting Mineral Resources may not
always be rigorous. Where this is the case,
this should be reported with an explanation
of the basis of the metallurgical assumptions
made. |  |  | - Brisbane Met Labs prepared preliminary vanadium
metallurgical options for ore from AusVan’s associated
Toolebuc Vanadium project. They report that, based on
comparable metallurgical work on the Toolebuc Formation, a
low-cost process of flotation, atmospheric acid leaching and
solvent extraction is expected to achieve vanadium extraction
of 85% to 95%.
- The Project preliminary metallurgical flowsheet is provided in
resource report. |  | 
Environmental
factors or
assumptions |  |  | • Assumptions made regarding possible waste
and process residue disposal options. It is
always necessary as part of the process of
determining reasonable prospects for
eventual economic extraction to consider the
potential environmental impacts of the
mining and processing operation. While at
this stage the determination of potential
environmental impacts, particularly for a
greenfields project, may not always be well
advanced, the status of early consideration
of these potential environmental impacts
should be reported. Where these aspects
have not been considered this should be
reported with an explanation of the
environmental assumptions made. |  |  | - The resource lies associated to the floodplain of the Flinders
River. Preliminary studies have been conducted to determine
the potential risk of floodwaters and likely design
requirements. |  | 
Bulk density |  |  | • Whether assumed or determined. If
assumed, the basis for the assumptions. If
determined, the method used, whether wet
or dry, the frequency of the measurements,
the nature, size and representativeness of the
samples.
• The bulk density for bulk material must have
been measured by methods that adequately
account for void spaces (vugs, porosity, etc.),
moisture and differences between rock and
alteration zones within the deposit.
• Discuss assumptions for bulk density
estimates used in the evaluation process of
the different materials. |  |  | - Tonnage was reported on an estimated in situ density basis.
- Relative Density (air-dried) was determined from laboratory
analysis of drill hole samples.
- Previous explorers have established and adopted default
Toolebuc Formation shale density of 1.85 g/cm3 (db). AusVan
completed density testing and established a higher density
may be more suitable, however applied a default 1.85 g/cm3
density in the basis of consistency and conservativeness. |  | 
Classification |  |  | • The basis for the classification of the Mineral
Resources into varying confidence
categories. |  |  | - The distances between points of observation were used as a
guide to classifying the resource. However, the resource
limits were refined based on geological domains and the |  | 

TABLE:
Metallurgical
factors or
assumptions

TABLE:
Environmental
factors or
assumptions

Criteria Explanation Commentary
• Whether appropriate account has been competent person’s confidence in the data’s representation
taken of all relevant factors (i.e. relative of the deposit
confidence in tonnage/grade estimations, - Grade is consistent across the deposit with exception of
reliability of input data, confidence in localized structurally disturbed areas. Consequently, there
continuity of geology and metal values, are no domains based on the grade.
quality, quantity and distribution of the
- The results of the estimate are consistent with the views of
data).
the competent person
• Whether the result appropriately reflects the
Competent Person’s view of the deposit.
Audits or • The results of any audits or reviews of - The Mineral Resource estimate was reviewed internally by
reviews. Mineral Resource estimates. experienced mining professionals.
Discussion of • Where appropriate a statement of the - There were no known geostatistical studies available at the
relative relative accuracy and confidence level in the time of this report. Factors that could affect the estimate
accuracy/ Mineral Resource estimate using an include rapid degradation of horizon thickness and / or grade
confidence approach or procedure deemed appropriate between points of observation and supporting drill holes. This
by the Competent Person. For example, the is unlikely as it has not been observed within the data at hand
application of statistical or geostatistical which is of sufficient density to exclude such features.
procedures to quantify the relative accuracy - There is potential for undetected faults to impact the tonnage
of the resource within stated confidence of Vanadium. However, due to the density of drilling it is
limits, or, if such an approach is not deemed expected that any such features would only cause minimal
appropriate, a qualitative discussion of the changes to the resource and / or localized degradation of
factors that could affect the relative accuracy grade.
and confidence of the estimate.
• The statement should specify whether it
relates to global or local estimates, and, if
local, state the relevant tonnages, which
should be relevant to technical and economic
evaluation. Documentation should include
assumptions made and the procedures used.
• These statements of relative accuracy and
confidence of the estimate should be
compared with production data, where
available.
ANNEXURE B – PRO FORMA COMPARISON TABLE
Estimated pro forma based on NewPeak’s latest published accounts (30 June 2024) and AusVan’s latest draft
balance sheet (30 June 2024)
Excluding Rights Issue Including Rights Issue (Maximum Subscription)
Post-
Prior to Effect of % Change due Effect of Post-Transaction % Change due
Transaction
Particulars Proposed Proposed to Proposed Proposed Analysis – Pro to Proposed
Analysis – Pro
Transaction1 Transaction2 Transaction Transaction forma Transaction
forma
Total
Consolidated $4,516,300 $2,075,352 $6,591,652 45.95 $5,075,352 $9,591,652 112.38
Assets
Total Equity $2,299,267 $1,261,218 $3,560,485 54.85 $4,261,218 $6,560,485 185.33
Annual
$20,414 nil $20,414 0 nil $20,414 0
Revenue
Annual
$12,777,0543 $275,0004 $13,052,054 2.15 $275,000 $13,052,054 2.15
Expenditure
Mining
Exploration $410,000 $24,000 $434,000 5.85 $24,000 $434,000 5.85
Expenditure
21

TABLE:
Criteria |  |  | Explanation |  | Commentary
 |  | • Whether appropriate account has been
taken of all relevant factors (i.e. relative
confidence in tonnage/grade estimations,
reliability of input data, confidence in
continuity of geology and metal values,
quality, quantity and distribution of the
data).
• Whether the result appropriately reflects the
Competent Person’s view of the deposit. |  |  | competent person’s confidence in the data’s representation
of the deposit
- Grade is consistent across the deposit with exception of
localized structurally disturbed areas. Consequently, there
are no domains based on the grade.
- The results of the estimate are consistent with the views of
the competent person
Audits or
reviews. |  | • The results of any audits or reviews of
Mineral Resource estimates. |  |  | - The Mineral Resource estimate was reviewed internally by
experienced mining professionals.
Discussion of
relative
accuracy/
confidence |  | • Where appropriate a statement of the
relative accuracy and confidence level in the
Mineral Resource estimate using an
approach or procedure deemed appropriate
by the Competent Person. For example, the
application of statistical or geostatistical
procedures to quantify the relative accuracy
of the resource within stated confidence
limits, or, if such an approach is not deemed
appropriate, a qualitative discussion of the
factors that could affect the relative accuracy
and confidence of the estimate.
• The statement should specify whether it
relates to global or local estimates, and, if
local, state the relevant tonnages, which
should be relevant to technical and economic
evaluation. Documentation should include
assumptions made and the procedures used.
• These statements of relative accuracy and
confidence of the estimate should be
compared with production data, where
available. |  |  | - There were no known geostatistical studies available at the
time of this report. Factors that could affect the estimate
include rapid degradation of horizon thickness and / or grade
between points of observation and supporting drill holes. This
is unlikely as it has not been observed within the data at hand
which is of sufficient density to exclude such features.
- There is potential for undetected faults to impact the tonnage
of Vanadium. However, due to the density of drilling it is
expected that any such features would only cause minimal
changes to the resource and / or localized degradation of
grade.

TABLE:
 |  | Excluding Rights Issue |  |  | Including Rights Issue (Maximum Subscription) |  | 
Particulars |  | Effect of
Proposed
Transaction2 | Post- | % Change due
to Proposed
Transaction |  |  | 
 | Prior to |  |  |  | Effect of | Post-Transaction | % Change due
 | Proposed |  | Transaction |  | Proposed | Analysis – Pro | to Proposed
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
 | Transaction1 |  | Analysis – Pro
forma |  | Transaction | forma | Transaction
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
Total
Consolidated
Assets | $4,516,300 | $2,075,352 | $6,591,652 | 45.95 | $5,075,352 | $9,591,652 | 112.38
Total Equity | $2,299,267 | $1,261,218 | $3,560,485 | 54.85 | $4,261,218 | $6,560,485 | 185.33
Annual
Revenue | $20,414 | nil | $20,414 | 0 | nil | $20,414 | 0
Annual
Expenditure | $12,777,0543 | $275,0004 | $13,052,054 | 2.15 | $275,000 | $13,052,054 | 2.15
Mining
Exploration
Expenditure | $410,000 | $24,000 | $434,000 | 5.85 | $24,000 | $434,000 | 5.85

Excluding Rights Issue Including Rights Issue (Maximum Subscription)
Post-
Prior to Effect of % Change due Effect of Post-Transaction % Change due
Transaction
Particulars Proposed Proposed to Proposed Proposed Analysis – Pro to Proposed
Analysis – Pro
Transaction1 Transaction2 Transaction Transaction forma Transaction
forma
Annual profit
($12,756,640) ($275,000) ($13,031,640) 2.16 ($275,000) ($13,031,640) 2.16
(before tax)
Total No. of
123,618,3996 303,030,303 426,648,7027 245.137 484,848,4849 608,466,88310 392.2110
Shares5
Fully diluted
market $2,472,3686 $5,000,000 $7,472,3688 202.248 $8,000,000 $10,472,36811 323.5811
capitalisation5
Notes:
1. These figures reflect the position of the Company as stated in the full year accounts the full year ended 30 June 2024.
2. These financial figures reflect the position of AusVan as stated in AusVan’s draft balance sheet for the year ended 30 June 2024.
3. Total expenses. As detailed in the Company’s accounts published for the full year ended 30 June 2024, $10,169,880 of this amount
was recorded as a “fair value adjustment” (see note 10 on pages 35-36 of the Company’s full year accounts for the period ended 30
June 2024, published 26 September 2024). As detailed further in the note, during the year ended 30 June 2024, LKO was suspended
from official quotation on the ASX and therefore being no active market for the securities of LKO, the Company group was unable to
use the quoted market price as the level 1 fair value hierarchy. Management determined the value in use of the investment using
estimates of its share of the present value of the estimated future cash flows expected to be generated by LKO and the present value
of the estimated future cash flows expected to arise from dividends to be received from the investment and from its ultimate disposal.
Additionally, on 18 June 2024, the Company settled on the sale of the shares of its 2 Finnish subsidiaries to Canadian listed company
Golcap Resources Corp (Golcap) and part of the consideration included shares in Golcap.
4. This figure represents an estimate of AusVan’s total annual expenditure for the year ended 30 June 2024. NewPeak has been informed
by AusVan that this figure comprises $24,000 spent on exploration and $251,000 spent on administration (which itself includes
depreciation valued at $11,000 and $100,000 accrued as unpaid former CEO salary and wages).
5. Excludes the 2,600,000 performance rights of the Company on issue as at 30 June 2024.
6. NewPeak’s market capitalisation was approximately $2,472,368 as at 30 June 2024, based on the $0.020 per NewPeak share closing
price of NewPeak shares as at 28 June 2024, being the last trading day prior to 30 June 2024. Currently, the Company has 305,405,065
shares on issue, which would constitute a market capitalisation of $5,039,184 at the issue price of $0.0165 per NewPeak share .
7. As at 5 December 2024, the projected total number of NewPeak shares would be 608,435,368, and the projected percentage change
would be 99.22%.
8. As at 5 December 2024, the projected fully diluted market capitalisation would be $10,039,184 at the issue price of $0.0165 per
NewPeak share, and the projected percentage change would be 99.22%.
9. NewPeak shares proposed to be issued under the Maximum Subscription rounded down to the nearest whole NewPeak share.
10. As at 5 December 2024, the projected total number of NewPeak shares would be 790,253,549, and the projected percentage change
would be 158.76%.
11. As at 5 December 2024, the projected fully diluted market capitalisation would be $13,039,184 at the issue price of $0.0165 per
NewPeak share , and the projected percentage change would be 158.76%.
22

TABLE:
 |  | Excluding Rights Issue |  |  | Including Rights Issue (Maximum Subscription) |  | 
Particulars |  | Effect of
Proposed
Transaction2 | Post- | % Change due
to Proposed
Transaction |  |  | 
 | Prior to |  |  |  | Effect of | Post-Transaction | % Change due
 | Proposed |  | Transaction |  | Proposed | Analysis – Pro | to Proposed
 |  |  | Analysis – Pro |  |  |  | 
 | Transaction1 |  | forma |  | Transaction | forma | Transaction
 |  |  |  |  |  |  | 
Annual profit
(before tax) | ($12,756,640) | ($275,000) | ($13,031,640) | 2.16 | ($275,000) | ($13,031,640) | 2.16
Total No. of
Shares5 | 123,618,3996 | 303,030,303 | 426,648,7027 | 245.137 | 484,848,4849 | 608,466,88310 | 392.2110
Fully diluted
market
capitalisation5 | $2,472,3686 | $5,000,000 | $7,472,3688 | 202.248 | $8,000,000 | $10,472,36811 | 323.5811

