ASX RELEASE | 14 January 2025 | ASX:MI6 
 
Transformational acquisition of the 2.3Moz 
Bullabulling Gold Project in Western Australia, one 
of Australia’s largest undeveloped gold projects  
HIGHLIGHTS 
• 
Minerals 260 has executed binding documentation to acquire 100% of the Bullabulling Gold 
Project from Norton Gold Fields Pty Ltd, a wholly owned subsidiary of Zijin Mining Group Co., Ltd. 
• 
With a JORC 2012 RPEEE1 reportable Mineral Resource estimate of 60Mt @ 1.2g/t Au for 2.3Moz, 
Bullabulling is one of Australia’s largest open pittable near-term production gold resources.  
• 
Cash consideration of A$156.5 million plus A$10.0 million of Minerals 260 shares represents an 
acquisition cost of A$74/oz for 2.3Moz, exceptional value for an asset of this scale, location and 
quality.  
• 
Mineral Resource is located on granted mining leases in the world-class mining jurisdiction of Western 
Australia and infrastructure-rich Coolgardie Region. Native Title Land Use Agreement is also in place. 
• 
Previous metallurgical test work undertaken at Scoping and Prefeasibility Study levels showed that the 
deposit is amenable to conventional Carbon-In-Leach (“CIL”) processing and the average gold 
recovery utilised for the resource was 87%. 
• 
Strong foundations support the near-term production goal, including approximately 12,000 drill holes 
for 530,000 metres across the Project, along with significant metallurgical test work completed. 
• 
Numerous highly prospective targets at depth and along strike, supports the plan to grow the 
Bullabulling mineral resource further.  
• 
Minerals 260 plans to commence an 80,000 metres Reverse Circulation (“RC”) and Diamond Core 
(“DD”) infill and resource extension drilling campaign immediately after completion of the Proposed 
Transaction. 
• 
Existing on-site infrastructure includes an exploration camp, administration office, water services to 
camp, refuelling tank, and storage buildings.  
• 
Meaningful historical production in the 1990s of ~3.9Mt of ore recovering ~179,000 oz of gold when the 
gold price was ~A$500 per ounce2. 
• 
Completion of the proposed acquisition and lifting of the suspension in the Company’s securities remains 
subject to Minerals 260 shareholder approval, regulatory approvals (including re-compliance with the 
ASX Listing Rules), a successful equity raise and additional standard conditions for a transaction of this 
nature.  
• 
Minerals 260 intends on funding the Proposed Transaction and working capital to progress the Project 
to a final investment decision via an equity raise to be conducted by way of a non-underwritten public 
offer. The equity raising will incorporate a priority offer to existing shareholders located in Australia and 
New Zealand. Bell Potter Securities Limited and Argonaut Securities Pty Limited have been appointed 
Joint Lead Managers and the Company will provide further details of the equity raise in due course. 
Greenhill & Co. has been appointed financial advisor and Allens as legal advisor.  
 
1 Reasonable Prospects for Eventual Economic Extraction  
2 Refer to ASX announcement dated 7 February 2013 by Bullabulling Gold Pty Ltd (formerly Bullabulling Gold Limited 
(ASX: BAB).  
 
 
 
Page 2 of 33 
Minerals 260 Limited (“Minerals 260” or the “Company”) (ASX:MI6) is pleased to announce that it has entered 
into a binding agreement to purchase 100% of the shares in Bullabulling Gold Pty Ltd and its wholly owned 
subsidiary Bullabulling Operations Pty Ltd (together, “Bullabulling” or the “Project”), which hold the tenements 
and associated intellectual property (such as mining information) of the Bullabulling Gold Project, from Norton 
Gold Fields Pty Ltd (“Norton Gold Fields”), a wholly-owned subsidiary of one of the world’s largest gold 
producers, Zijin Mining Group Co., Ltd. (“Zijin Mining Group”) (“Proposed Transaction”). 
Bullabulling is one of Australia’s largest undeveloped gold deposits, located ~25km south-west of Coolgardie 
in the Western Australian Goldfields (Figure 1 & Figure 2). Underpinned by a 2.3Moz Mineral Resource 
reported in accordance with the JORC Code (2012) and demonstrating Reasonable Prospects for Eventual 
Economic Extraction (“RPEEE”), the Project is technically robust with well-understood metallurgy from 
significant historical testing, drilling (including over 530,000 metres and 12,000 holes drilled) and historical 
studies.  
 
   
Figure 1 – Bullabulling project map  
 
 
 
Page 3 of 33 
 
Figure 2 – Image looking north showing historical pits, rehabilitated leach pads and tailings storage 
facility and exploration camp 
The Proposed Transaction delivers Minerals 260 an immediate Mineral Resource of scale in a highly prospective 
gold region, providing a strong platform for Minerals 260 to advance towards gold production and establish a 
significant long-life mining business, with key attributes including:  
• 
A Mineral Resource estimate (“MRE”) reported in December 2024 comprising 60Mt @ 1.2g/t Au for 
2.3Moz of gold (JORC 2012) with ~60% of the Mineral Resource in the Indicated Resource category 
(Table 1).  
• 
Numerous highly prospective exploration targets located at depth and along strike, supporting the plan 
to grow the Bullabulling mineral resource further, providing exceptional leverage to an increasing 
gold price (Figure 3). 
• 
Extensive historical drilling, with over 530,000 metres from approximately 12,000 drill holes, drilled 
at an average depth of approximately 50 metres (Figure 4).  
• 
A 127sq km tenement package comprising 59 tenements (7 under application). The MRE is on granted 
mining leases and located in the world-class mining location of Western Australia in the infrastructure-
rich Coolgardie/Goldfields Region (Figure 5 & Figure 6). A Native Title Land Use Agreement is also in 
place. 
• 
Significant metallurgical testing previously completed supports recoveries of 87% across the Project and 
meaningful historical production in the 1990s of ~3.9Mt of ore recovering ~179,000 oz of gold when the 
gold price was ~A$500 per ounce. 
• 
Minerals 260 plans to commence an 80,000 metre RC and DD campaign immediately after completion 
of the Proposed Transaction and will work with Norton Gold Fields in the period to completion to lodge 
the permits required. 
 
 
 
Page 4 of 33 
Consideration and Proposed Funding 
The total consideration for the Proposed Transaction of A$166.5 million comprises: 
• 
A$156.5 million cash; plus 
• 
A$10.0 million in Minerals 260 scrip to be issued to Norton Gold Fields ("Consideration Shares") (subject 
to a 4.99% Norton Gold Fields ownership cap in Minerals 260, above which, Minerals 260 will pay any 
amount outstanding against the A$10.0 million in cash)3. 
Minerals 260 has paid a deposit of A$2.0 million upon signing the Proposed Transaction. The deposit will not 
be refundable if the Proposed Transaction does not proceed in certain circumstances, including termination of 
the Proposed Transaction as a result of the failure to obtain shareholder approval for the Proposed Transaction, 
failure to complete the equity raising, failure to re-comply with the Listing Rules or Mineral 260's insolvency or 
breach of its material obligations. The sunset date for satisfaction of the conditions to the Proposed Transaction 
is 4 months from the date of signing but can be extended by Minerals 260 by up to a further 2 months if at that 
time the only conditions remaining to be satisfied are completion of the equity raising and / or re-compliance 
with the Listing Rules. In addition, a break fee of A$3.0 million will be payable within 30 days of termination in 
the circumstances where Norton Gold Fields may retain the deposit. 
Minerals 260's intention is to fund the Proposed Transaction plus working capital to progress the project to 
final investment decision via an equity raise to be conducted by way of a non-underwritten public offer that 
also incorporates a priority offer which will be open to existing shareholders based in Australia and New 
Zealand. The particulars of the public offer will be provided in due course. 
Bell Potter Securities Limited and Argonaut Securities Pty Limited have been appointed as Joint Lead Managers 
to execute the equity raising. 
 
Conditions Precedent 
Completion of the Proposed Transaction is subject to:  
• 
Minerals 260 receiving Ministerial consent for the upstream change in ownership of a pastoral lease 
overlapping the Project ("Norton Pastoral Lease") as a result of the Company proposing to acquire 
Bullabulling Operations Pty Ltd;  
• 
The parties agreeing a side deed to effect the transfer of the Norton Pastoral Lease subject to obtaining 
the necessary approvals (including, potentially post completion); 
• 
Shareholder approval for the Proposed Transaction and the issue of the Consideration Shares to be 
considered at a general meeting of Minerals 260 shareholders ("Extraordinary General Meeting");  
• 
Completion of an equity raise of sufficient scale to fund the cash component of the Proposed 
Transaction; 
• 
Minerals 260 receiving a conditional admission letter from ASX in anticipation of it re-complying with 
Chapters 1 and 2 of the Listing Rules for its re-admission to ASX; and  
• 
Additional regulatory approvals and other standard conditions for a transaction of this nature.  
 
The Company expects to provide further details regarding the equity raise and the Extraordinary General 
Meeting in the coming weeks. 
 
 
 
3 The number of fully paid ordinary shares issued will be based on the issue price used for the proposed equity raise. 
 
 
 
Page 5 of 33 
Management Comments 
Commenting on the Proposed Transaction, Minerals 260’s Managing Director Luke McFadyen said: “This is an 
outstanding and transformational acquisition for Minerals 260 and our shareholders. The opportunity for us now 
is to develop a large-scale open pit gold mine located in the heart of Western Australia’s Eastern Goldfields, putting 
us on a clear trajectory to becoming a leading mid-tier ASX gold producer.   
Norton has done an excellent job advancing the Bullabulling Project over the past decade and Minerals 260 now 
has strong foundations to continue its development into production. We are optimistic about the outlook for the 
Project, with last gold production at Bullabulling occurring when the gold price was around A$500 per ounce.  
Brownfield gold assets of this scale, quality, located in Western Australia and with a clear pathway to production 
are rare – and we believe that Bullabulling has the potential to deliver significant future value for Minerals 260’s 
stakeholders. Given the substantial amount of historical work completed and what we learned during our due 
diligence, we intend to immediately commence a major 80,000 metre resource extension and exploration drilling 
campaign following the completion of the acquisition, and I look forward to updating the market regularly about 
our progress at the Project.” 
 
Suspension from Quotation and Re-compliance 
As announced on 6 January 2025, the Company's securities were suspended from quotation pending 
confirmation from ASX as to the application of Chapter 11 of the ASX Listing Rules on the Proposed Transaction. 
The Company has now received confirmation from ASX that the Proposed Transaction constitutes a change in 
the scale of Minerals 260's activities which must be approved by the Company's Shareholders and will require 
the Company to re-comply with ASX's listing admission and quotation requirements. Suspension in the 
Company's securities will continue until such time as Minerals 260 has re-complied with Chapters 1 and 2 of 
the Listing Rules having regard to the steps outlined in Section 2.10 of Guidance Note 12. 
The Company's re-compliance with the Listing Rules will be subject to the ASX Listings Suitability Committee 
first confirming that the Company will have a structure and operations which are appropriate for a listed entity 
(under Listing Rules 1.1, condition 1 and 1.19) on a post-completion basis. 
To assist the Company to re-comply with the ASX Listing Rules (in addition to funding the Proposed Transaction 
and forward-works program following completion), Minerals 260 plans, subject to receipt of Shareholder 
approval described above, to conduct an equity raise under a full-form prospectus. The equity raising will 
incorporate a priority offer to existing shareholders located in Australia and New Zealand. Further details of the 
equity raise will be provided in due course. The equity raise will not be underwritten. 
If the Company's Shareholders do not approve the Proposed Transaction, or the Company does not satisfy the 
requirements to re-comply with the Listing Rules, the Proposed Transaction will not proceed. ASX has absolute 
discretion in deciding whether or not to re-admit the Company to the Official List of the ASX and to reinstate 
quotation of its securities. Investors should take account of these uncertainties in deciding whether or not to 
buy the Company's securities, which are currently suspended from quotation.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 6 of 33 
Timetable and Next Steps 
An indicative timetable to completion of the Proposed Transaction is set out below: 
Event (Dates are Subject to Change and are Indicative Only) 
Timing 
Execute Share Purchase Agreement for Proposed Transaction 
1 January 2025 
Announce Proposed Transaction 
Mid-January 2025 
Dispatch Notice of Meeting for General Meeting 
Mid-February 
Lodge Prospectus and ASX Listing Application 
Late February 
General Meeting 
Mid-March 
Complete Public Offer to Fund Proposed Transaction 
Mid to Late March 
Satisfy Conditions Precedent and Complete Proposed Transaction 
Late March to Early April 
MI6 Admission to ASX 
Early April 
 
 
 
 
Page 7 of 33 
Bullabulling Gold Project Overview 
Bullabulling presents a potential open pit mining opportunity located 25km south-west of Coolgardie in the 
Eastern Goldfields region of Western Australia. The Project hosts a JORC 2012 RPEEE reportable MRE of 60Mt 
@ 1.2g/t Au for 2.3Moz of gold (Indicated and Inferred, refer to Table 1 below), on granted mining leases 
(M15/503, M15/1414, M15/282, M15/554 and M15/552) and is located within a largely contiguous 127sq km 
tenement package.  
Bullabulling offers significant exploration upside, with multiple highly prospective targets at depth and along 
strike, which could support the plan to grow the mineral resource further and will be a focus of exploration 
drilling by the Company.  
All information provided has been taken from historic reports written by independent consultants for previous 
project owners. 
Table 1 – Bullabulling Mineral Resource Estimate as of December 2024 (RPEEE) 
Area 
Indicated 
Inferred 
TOTAL RESOURCES 
Tonnes 
(Mt) 
Grade 
(Au g/t) 
Ounces 
(Koz) 
Tonnes 
(Mt) 
Grade 
(Au g/t) 
Ounces 
(Koz) 
Tonnes 
(Mt) 
Grade 
(Au g/t) 
Ounces 
(Koz) 
NORTH 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Bacchus 
8.5 
1.2 
330 
13 
1.3 
560 
22 
1.3 
890 
Dicksons 
6.3 
0.9 
180 
1.4 
0.9 
41 
7.7 
0.9 
220 
Phoenix 
25 
1.1 
850 
2.0 
1.3 
82 
27 
1.1 
930 
Laterite 
- 
- 
- 
1.3 
1.1 
45 
1.3 
1.1 
45 
Peg 
- 
- 
- 
0.016 
1.1 
0.58 
0.016 
1.1 
0.58 
Waste 
- 
- 
- 
0.084 
1.4 
3.8 
0.084 
1.4 
3.8 
Subtotal North 
39 
1.1 
1,400 
18 
1.3 
730 
57 
1.1 
2,100 
SOUTH 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Kraken 
- 
- 
- 
2.8 
1.7 
160 
2.8 
1.7 
160 
Laterite 
- 
- 
- 
0.048 
0.7 
1.0 
0.048 
0.7 
1.0 
Subtotal South 
- 
- 
- 
2.9 
1.7 
160 
2.9 
1.7 
160 
TOTAL 
39 
1.1 
1,400 
21 
1.3 
890 
60 
1.2 
2,300 
Notes: Reported above a gold cut-off grade of 0.5g/t and inside a A$3,000 RPEEE pit shell. Tonnages, grades and ounces have 
been rounded to two significant figures to reflect the relative uncertainty of the estimate. 
 
 
 
Page 8 of 33 
 
 
 
Figure 3 – Bullabulling resource plan view and cross section showing gold grades, drilling intercepts and A$3,000 pit shells 
 
 
 
 
Page 9 of 33 
 
 
 
Figure 4 – Bullabulling resource showing resource classifications and historic drilling – tilted and looking NE 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 10 of 33 
ASX Listing Rule 5.8.1 Compliance 
Geology and Geological Interpretation 
Bullabulling is in the Archaean Yilgarn Craton of Western Australia on the western side of the 600km long, 
Norseman-Wiluna Greenstone Belt. The Belt comprises a series of predominantly north-south striking mafic, 
ultramafic, felsic volcanic and sedimentary rocks which have undergone multiple phases and varying degrees 
of metamorphism and deformation (Figure 6). 
Locally, the Project is located within the Coolgardie Domain where the stratigraphy is generally dipping 30–40° 
to the west and often intruded by pegmatite/aplite dykes and sills. The MRE has been defined over ~8.5km 
strike and mineralisation is hosted in a north/south striking sequence of hornblende-rich to quartz-rich 
amphibolite adjacent to a contact with an ultramafic unit. 
The Bullabulling trend is typified by a network of ductile high strain zones and folds that broadly parallel the 
stratigraphy and are the result of multiple deformation events. The structures have allowed fluid flow into the 
amphibolite sequence resulting in the deposition of gold. 
Two styles of mineralisation have been modelled at Bullabulling: 
• 
Laterite-hosted gold mineralisation which forms horizontal layers of mineralisation at or near surface 
ranging from 1 metre to 10 metres in thickness with an average grade just below 1g/t Au. 
• 
Structurally controlled primary gold mineralisation which is hosted within shear zones parallel with 
stratigraphy. The average grade of the mineralisation is approximately 1g/t Au with a range from 0.1g/t 
to 10g/t Au, and ranging in thickness from 0.5 metres up to 20 metres, more often 3-5 metres thick. 
 
Sampling and Sub-Sampling Techniques 
RC samples were collected by the metre from the drill rig cone splitter in two calico bags (~2-5kg each) and a 
bulk coarse reject sample in plastic mining bags. The cyclones were regularly cleaned to avoid cross-sample 
contamination.   
Samples were typically dry with drill chips for logging collected by sieving a large scoop from each coarse reject 
bag and then placed into labelled chip trays.   
Drill core sampled were typically half HQ, NQ or PQ at ~1m intervals (with a minimum of 0.3m) unless sub-
sampled to lithological boundaries. Representative samples of approximately 10cm length were subject to bulk 
density measurements using the water displacement method after which the core was sawn in half parallel to 
the orientation mark, with one half retained and the other half sent to the lab for analysis.   
Samples were sent to ALS, Amdel and Jinning laboratories in Kalgoorlie, WA for analysis.   
 
Drilling Techniques 
The MRE was prepared based on 101 diamond drillholes (DD and RC/DD tail – NQ, HQ & PQ) for 11,775m of 
drill core and 5,530 RC drillholes (5.5” face sampling hammer) for a total of 335,717 metres, drilled between 
1985 to 2023 by a variety of companies. This is a subset of the ~12,000 holes for ~530,000 metres completed 
on the Project tenements. 
Other drill types such as aircore, rotary air blast and auger holes were not used for the MRE, however, these 
were utilised in geology interpretations where appropriate data was available.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 11 of 33 
 
Figure 5 – Yilgarn Craton geology showing Bullabulling Project and significant deposit locations 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 12 of 33 
 
Figure 6 – Bullabulling regional geology map  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 13 of 33 
Sample Analysis Method 
For RC and DD samples, entire samples were dried at 80OC for 24hrs, weighed and pulverised in a LM5 pulveriser 
to 75µm. If the primary sample was larger than 3.4kg it was split prior to pulverising. A 30-50g charge was 
collected and subject to fire assay with an aqua regia digest finish. The solution was then analysed for gold 
using Atomic Absorption Spectrometry (“AAS”). 
 
Estimation Methodology 
Geological Domains 
Overall, there is confidence at a global (domain-level) scale of the interpretations, with the expectation that 
they will continue to be refined following the collection of additional data. 
Interpretations at Bullabulling have been completed in 3D using Leapfrog software. All available data has been 
used to help build the geological interpretation, with the integration of geological logging, drill hole assay data 
and geological maps. Geological logging (lithology, alteration and mineralogy) and gold assays from reverse 
circulation (RC), rotary air blast (RAB), air core (AC) and diamond drilling (DD) data were used to inform the 
interpretations. Although gold grade was principal in the interpretations it was not the sole control and was 
used in combination with the other analytical and logging data.   
RC and DD assays only were used for the MRE. 
Estimation Domains 
A total of 74 mineralisation domains for gold, including five laterite gold domains, and 46 pegmatite veins were 
generated. Mineralisation in the Dicksons, Phoenix and Bacchus areas is generally striking north-south and 
moderately dipping (~30°) to the west. At Kraken, mineralisation is striking northwest and then bending to east-
west at the far south end of Kraken. Mineralisation domains are highly variable in thickness ranging from 0.5 
metre up to 20 metres, more often they are 3–5 metres thick. Mineralisation domains are undulose and can be 
seen to bend laterally in plan view, a result of folding and in some cases faulting.  
Pegmatite veins are interlaced between the mineralisation domains and generally strike in the same orientation. 
Pegmatites are typically 1–2 metres thick, though can range up to 15 metres thick in places. The pegmatites are 
often concentrated on the eastern side of the deposit. 
Resource Estimation 
Grade estimation was into parent blocks of 10 m(E) by 20 m(N) by 5 m(RL) for mineralisation for the north 
model and 10 m(E) by 10 m(N) by 5 m(RL) for mineralisation in the south model. Block dimensions were selected 
following kriging neighbourhood analysis (KNA) and reflect the variability of the deposit as defined by the drill 
spacing. Sub-cells, to a minimum dimension of 1 m(E) by 4 m(N) by 1 m(RL) for the north model and 2 m(E) by 
2 m(N) by 1 m(RL) for the south model, were used to represent the mineralisation volume.  
Block grades for both the mineralisation and the waste were estimated using ordinary kriging (OK) for gold (Au) 
parts per million (ppm). Variogram analyses on 1 metre composites were undertaken to determine the grade 
continuity and the kriging estimation parameters used for the OK estimate. Density values have been hard 
coded based on material type (i.e. degree of weathering). 
The estimation of gold utilised three search passes. The search distance increased, and the minimum number 
of samples decreased, with each search pass to allow blocks to be estimated in areas of low data populations. 
Final grade estimates have been validated by statistical analysis and visual comparisons with the input 
composite data. The estimation has been depleted using a three-dimensional (3D) solid wireframe of the 
historical pit workings provided by Norton Gold Fields. Parts of the pits have been backfilled with fill material 
assigned as the space between the as-built and current topography surfaces and given a default grade of 0.01 
g/t Au and appropriate density (based on generic measurement of dry gravel). 
 
 
 
 
Page 14 of 33 
Bulk Density 
Dry bulk density measurements were assessed globally and within each unit of the geological model, for various 
material types, using the water displacement method on primarily diamond drill core, and a minority of rock 
samples.   
 
Classification 
The Bullabulling deposit has been classified as an Indicated and Inferred Mineral Resource. The key criteria for 
classification were the confidence in geological and grade continuity considering the quality of the sampling 
and assay data and confidence in estimation of gold content.  
Areas were classified as Indicated where there is infill drilling at 20-40 metres along strike and 20 metres on 
section and where the geological and grade continuity are robust. Areas with drill spacing 40-80 metres along 
strike and/or along section were classified as Inferred. 
A global approach utilising wireframes has been used to classify to ensure spatial consistency of the categories. 
All pegmatite and waste domains were set to the Inferred category to reflect the lack of confidence in grade 
distribution for these domains. All laterite lodes were set to inferred category since they are based 
predominantly on historic drilling data. Any fill material residing in historical pits was set to unclassified. 
 
Cut-off Grades and Other Parameters 
The Bullabulling MRE is reported using open pit mining constraints. 
The MRE is only the portion of the block model that is constrained within a A$3,000/oz optimised pit shell and 
above a 0.5 g/t gold cut-off grade. The optimised open pit shell was generated using assumptions of: 
• 
Suitable mining costs and mining practices in line with similar scale open pit mining operations in 
Western Australia; and 
• 
Suitable processing costs in line with similar scale processing options in Western Australia. 
An underground mineral resource has not been reported. 
 
Mining Factors or Assumptions 
The MRE is reported under conditions where the Company believes there are RPEEE through standard open pit 
operations.   
The MRE has been reported within a RPEEE pit shell based on an A$3,000/oz gold price reported above a cut-
off grade of 0.5 g/t Au. Dilution and mining recoveries have been factored into the block model via re-blocking 
of the resource margins at 5x5x5 metres. The pit optimisation used a slope angle of 53o for fresh rock, 35o or 
40o for transitional east and west respectively and 23o for oxide (20 metres depth). 
It is considered that there are no mining factors which are likely to affect the assumption that the deposit has 
reasonable prospects for eventual economic extraction. No detailed pit design of scheduling has been 
undertaken at this stage. 
 
Metallurgical Factors or Assumptions 
Metallurgical test work was undertaken at Scoping and Prefeasibility Study levels by Bullabulling Gold Pty Ltd 
(formerly Bullabulling Gold Limited) between 2011 and 2014. Results show that mineralisation is amenable to 
conventional CIL processing. Process recoveries have been utilised in determining the A$3,000 RPEEE optimised 
pit shell and MRE. The average process recovery utilised for the MRE is 87%. 
 
 
 
Page 15 of 33 
This announcement has been approved by the Board of Minerals 260 Limited. 
 
For further information please contact: 
Luke McFadyen 
Managing Director 
T: +61 8 6556 6020 
info@minerals260.com.au 
Investor Relations: 
Nicholas Read 
Read Corporate 
T: +61 8 9388 1474 
nicholas@readcorporate.com.au 
 
Competent Person Statement 
The Information in this report that relates to the Bullabulling Mineral Resource estimate is based on and fairly represents information and 
supporting documentation prepared by Mr Matthew Blake (Sampling Techniques and Exploration) and Ms Susan Havlin (Mineral Resource 
Estimation), who are Competent Persons and members of the Australasian Institute of Geoscientists (AIG) and a Member and Chartered 
Professional of the AusIMM, respectively. Mr Blake is a full-time employee of the Company and Ms Havlin is an employee of Snowden Optiro. 
Mr Blake and Ms Havlin each have sufficient experience relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to 
the activities being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of 
Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’. Both Mr Blake and Ms Havlin consent to the inclusion in the report of the matters 
based on their information in the form and context in which it appears. 
Forward Looking Statement  
This announcement contains forward-looking statements which involve a number of risks and uncertainties. These forward-looking statements 
are expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis. These statements, including references to future or near-term production 
and the general prospectivity of the deposits at the Project, likelihood of permitting the Project, and the ability to satisfy conditions relevant to 
the Proposed Transaction, among others, reflect current expectations, intentions or strategies regarding the future and assumptions based on 
currently available information. Should one or more of the risks or uncertainties materialise, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, 
actual results may vary from the expectations, intentions and strategies described in this announcement. No obligation is assumed to update 
forward looking statements if these beliefs, opinions and estimates should change or to reflect other future developments. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 16 of 33 
Appendix A. Bullabulling – JORC Code 2012 Table 1 Criteria  
The table below summarises the assessment and reporting criteria used for the Bullabulling Project and reflects 
the guidelines in Table 1 of The Australasian Code for the Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources 
and Ore Reserves (the JORC Code, 2012). 
Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Sampling 
techniques 
Nature and quality of sampling (eg cut 
channels, random chips, or specific specialised 
industry standard measurement tools 
appropriate to the minerals under investigation, 
such as down hole gamma sondes, or handheld 
XRF instruments, etc). These examples should 
not be taken as limiting the broad meaning of 
sampling. 
The Bullabulling Mineral Resource is based on a total of 
5,530 reverse circulation (RC) drillholes for 335,717m, 74 
diamond (DD) drillholes for 8,107m and 27 RC pre-collars 
with DD tails (RC/DD) for 3,668m, drilled between 1985 to 
2023 by various companies. 
 
Bullabulling Gold Limited (BGL) 
RC samples were collected by the metre from the drill rig in 
two calico bags (~2.2kg each) via cone splitter and a bulk 
coarse reject sample in plastic mining bags.   
 
Diamond core (HQ, NQ & PQ) sampled in intervals of ~1 m 
(with a minimum of 0.3m) where possible, otherwise intervals 
less than 1 m selected based on geological boundaries.   
 
Portable XRF (pXRF) determinations were performed to verify 
lithogeochemistry only, using a PAS XL3t 950s GOLDD+ 
portable analyser which was regularly calibrated. 
 
Historic (pre-2000) 
Same sampling practices used with a riffle splitter utilised for 
RC sampling.  
Include reference to measures taken to ensure 
sample representivity and the appropriate 
calibration of any measurement tools or 
systems used. 
Bullabulling Gold Limited 
All collars have been surveyed by Fugro Spatial Solutions or 
ABIMS by dDGPS (accuracy +/-0.1m). 
 
RC samples were collected by the metre from the drill rig 
cone splitter in two calico bags (~2.2kg each) and a bulk 
coarse reject sample in plastic mining bags.  Cyclones 
regularly cleaned to remove hung-up clays and avoid cross-
sample contamination.  The coarse reject samples were 
weighed, and the weight recorded in a field book which was 
later entered into the database. 
 
2 kg to 5 kg chip samples were collected from each metre of 
RC drilling with samples typically dry.  Rock chips for logging 
were obtained by sieving a large scoop from each bag. 
Washed chips were placed into appropriately labelled chip 
trays.  The bulk of RC Samples were pulverised and split to 
produce a 50g charge.  
 
Drill core sampled were typically half HQ, NQ & PQ at ~1m 
intervals (with a minimum of 0.3m) unless sub-sampled to 
lithological boundaries.  Samples of approximately 10cm 
length are selected by the rig geologist and subject to bulk 
density measurements using the water displacement 
method.  The core is cut in half parallel to the orientation 
mark, with one half retained and the other half sent to the 
lab for analysis.  Core samples are crushed prior to 
pulverising and splitting to obtain a 30-50 g charge.  
Aspects of the determination of mineralisation 
that are Material to the Public Report. 
In cases where ‘industry standard’ work has 
been done this would be relatively simple (eg 
‘reverse circulation drilling was used to obtain 1 
m samples from which 3 kg was pulverised to 
produce a 30 g charge for fire assay’). In other 
cases more explanation may be required, such 
as where there is coarse gold that has inherent 
sampling problems. Unusual commodities or 
mineralisation types (eg submarine nodules) 
may warrant disclosure of detailed information. 
 
 
 
Page 17 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
 
For RC and DD samples, entire samples were dried at 80O for 
24hrs, weighed and pulverised in a LM5 pulveriser.  If the 
primary sample is larger than 3.4 kg it is split prior to 
pulverising. A 30-50 g charge is collected and subject to fire 
assay with an aqua regia digest finish. The solution is then 
analysed for gold using AAS. 
 
Magnetic susceptibility was measured using a model KT-10 
portable magnetic susceptibility meter with readings taken at 
1m intervals.  
 
Portable XRF (pXRF) determinations were performed to verify 
litho-geochemistry only, using a PAS XL3t 950s GOLDD+ 
portable analyser which was regularly calibrated. 
 
Historic 
No information is available on the historical sample 
preparation practices. 
 
Historical gold grades were analysed using a mixture of 
analytical preparation methods (fire assay and acid digest, 
acid digest only and bottle roll), followed by AAS finish. 
Drilling 
techniques 
Drill type (eg core, reverse circulation, open-
hole hammer, rotary air blast, auger, Bangka, 
sonic, etc) and details (eg core diameter, triple 
or standard tube, depth of diamond tails, face-
sampling bit or other type, whether core is 
oriented and if so, by what method, etc). 
Drilling from 1974 to 2023 Drilling techniques used: 
 
o Aircore (AC) – standard 3.5” aircore drill bit. 
o Rotary Air Blast (RAB) – standard 4.25” drill bit 
o Reverse Circulation (RC/5.5”) with a face sampling 
hammer 
o NQ2 Diamond Core, standard tube 
o HQ3 Diamond Core, standard tube  
o PQ3 Diamond Core, standard tube 
 
Aircore and RAB holes were used to inform geological 
interpretations only in the resource where appropriate data 
was available. 
 
The drilling is typically aligned at -60O to the east, which is 
appropriate given the strike and dip of the mineralisation.  
The bulk of the drilling is RC with a few diamond holes also 
being completed for bulk density determinations and 
metallurgical testing. 
 
Holes were drilled on a nominal 35 m x 75 m grid spacing. 
RC drillholes range in depth from 1 m to 348 m averaging 
59m and BGL diamond drillholes range in depth from 136 m 
to 573.5 m averaging 355m. 
 
Diamond core holes drilled directly from surface or from 
bottom of RC pre-collars.  All BGL diamond core was 
oriented where possible using an ACT REFLEX (ACT II RD) 
tool.  It is unknown how historic drill core was oriented, 
however is assumed to be to industry standards. 
Drill sample 
recovery 
Method of recording and assessing core and 
chip sample recoveries and results assessed. 
Bullabulling Gold Limited 
Sample recoveries for BGL’s RC drilling were visually 
estimated and recorded for each metre in Micromine Field 
Marshal software.  Analysis of results yielded an average 
 
 
 
Page 18 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
recovery of 97%. 
For diamond core the recovery is measured and recorded for 
every metre in Micromine Field Marshal software.  Diamond 
core recoveries averaged 99%. 
Historic 
There is no information available and is assumed to be done 
to industry standards. 
Measures taken to maximise sample recovery 
and ensure representative nature of the 
samples. 
AC and RC drill collars are sealed to prevent sample loss and 
holes are normally drilled dry to prevent poor recoveries and 
contamination caused by water ingress. 
 
For diamond core loss, core blocks inserted in sections 
where core loss has occurred.  This has then been written on 
the block and recorded during the logging process and with 
detailed photography of wet core. 
Whether a relationship exists between sample 
recovery and grade and whether sample bias 
may have occurred due to preferential loss/gain 
of fine/coarse material. 
None noted. 
Logging 
Whether core and chip samples have been 
geologically and geotechnically logged to a 
level of detail to support appropriate Mineral 
Resource estimation, mining studies and 
metallurgical studies. 
For RC drilling, geological logging was undertaken on chip 
samples at 1m intervals with following characteristics logged:  
Lithology, oxidation strength, mineralogy, grainsize, texture, 
colour, vein infill and percentage, metal sulphide percentage 
and alteration type and strength.  
Geological logging, structural measurements, RQD and 
recovery measurements were carried out on diamond core. 
Diamond core was photographed wet.  
XRF determinations of lithophile elements Ni and Cr were 
utilised to confirm the visual identification of ultramafic or 
komatiitic units (BGL only).  
All logging was done with sufficient detail to meet the 
requirements of resource estimation and mining studies. 
Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative in 
nature. Core (or costean, channel, etc) 
photography. 
Logging was quantitative, based on visual field estimates 
The total length and percentage of the relevant 
intersections logged. 
All holes were logged from start to finish. 
Sub-sampling 
techniques and 
sample 
preparation 
If core, whether cut or sawn and whether 
quarter, half or all core taken. 
Diamond drilling sample lengths were adjusted so that they 
did not cross lithological boundaries with ~1m sample 
intervals ideally used. Diamond drillhole samples are 
collected from half core cut using an onsite diamond saw.  
Remaining half core stored as a library sample. 
If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled, 
rotary split, etc and whether sampled wet or 
dry. 
Non-core samples are collected as 1 m samples. RC samples 
were collected using a cone splitter (BGL) or riffle splitter 
(historic) to cut the sample stream and produce a 2 kg to 5 
kg sample. 
For all sample types, the nature, quality and 
appropriateness of the sample preparation 
technique. 
Sample preparation followed industry best practice 
standards and is conducted by internationally recognised 
laboratories; i.e. (2010-current) ALS, Amdel, Jinning, 
Genalysis and (pre-2010) A.C.E. laboratories in Kalgoorlie, 
and Broken Hill Minerals NL (BHM) Southern Cross 
Laboratory. 
Oven drying, jaw crushing and pulverising so that 80% passes 
-75microns. 
Quality control procedures adopted for all sub-
sampling stages to maximise representivity of 
samples. 
Field duplicates were collected at a rate of 1 in 20 samples on 
average. A proportion of pulp duplicates were re- submitted 
for assay and then assayed by an umpire laboratory.  
 
 
 
Page 19 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Subsampling is performed during the preparation stage 
according to the assay laboratories’ internal protocols. 
Measures taken to ensure that the sampling is 
representative of the in-situ material collected, 
including for instance results for field 
duplicate/second-half sampling. 
Measures taken for drill samples include: 
• 
regular cleaning of cyclones and sampling equipment 
to prevent contamination. 
• 
statistical comparison of field & lab duplicates, 
standards and blanks 
Statistical comparison of anomalous composite assays versus 
average of follow up 1m assays. 
 
Entire sample submitted for assay. 
Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the 
grain size of the material being sampled. 
The drill sample size (2-5kg) submitted to laboratory is 
consistent with industry standards. 
Quality of assay 
data and 
laboratory tests 
The nature, quality and appropriateness of the 
assaying and laboratory procedures used and 
whether the technique is considered partial or 
total. 
Assay and laboratory procedures were selected following a 
review of techniques provided by internationally certified 
laboratories. 
Historic 
Pre-1994, samples were analysed for gold at A.C.E. 
Laboratories using a 24 hr bottle roll cyanide extract technique 
with an AAS finish. Residues of all samples with solution reads 
greater than 0.4g/t were assayed by Genalysis using the Fire/ 
AAS technique. 
Post-1994, samples were sent to Broken Hill Minerals NL 
(BHM) Southern Cross Laboratory who used an acid AAS 
technique with a 0.01g/t gold detection limit. 
Bullabulling Gold Limited 
In the period June 2010 to December 2012 samples were 
assayed for gold at ALS facilities by ALS fire assay method Au-
AA26 (50g charge 0.01 DL).  
RC samples from 5 pre-collars in the first 7 hole diamond 
drilling program (June-August 2010) were assayed using ALS 
fire assay method Au-AA21 (30g charge 0.002 DL) and the half 
core samples assayed using ALS fire assay method Au-AA25 
(30g charge 0.01ppm DL). Solutions of samples assaying 
>10ppm Au were diluted and reanalysed using method Au-
DIL.  
The final Au assay is selected in priority Au-DIL if not then Au-
AA26 if not then Au-AA25 if not then Au-AA21.  
In the period January 2013 to April 2014 samples were assayed 
for gold at Bureau Veritas Amdel Kalgoorlie laboratory using 
method FA001 (40 g charge 0.01 DL). 
The assay techniques used are total. 
For geophysical tools, spectrometers, handheld 
XRF instruments, etc, the parameters used in 
determining the analysis including instrument 
make and model, reading times, calibrations 
factors applied and their derivation, etc. 
Bullabulling Gold Limited 
XRF determinations were performed to verify litho-
geochemistry using a PAS XL3t 950s GOLDD+ handheld XRF 
(pXRF). 
pXRF reading are not representative of grade intervals and are 
not reported. 
Nature of quality control procedures adopted 
(eg standards, blanks, duplicates, external 
laboratory checks) and whether acceptable 
levels of accuracy (ie lack of bias) and precision 
have been established 
Field duplicates were collected at a rate of 1 in 20 samples on 
average. A proportion of pulp duplicates were re- submitted 
for assay and then assayed by an umpire laboratory.  
Lab standards checked for accuracy and precision. 
Bullabulling Gold Limited 
Standards and blanks were inserted in the sample stream at a 
rate of 1 in 20 through the course of the resource drilling.  
Historic 
 
 
 
Page 20 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
There is no information available for standards/blanks and is 
assumed to be done to industry standards. 
Verification of 
sampling and 
assaying 
The verification of significant intersections by 
either independent or alternative company 
personnel. 
Intersections peer reviewed in house. 
The use of twinned holes. 
None drilled. 
Documentation of primary data, data entry 
procedures, data verification, data storage 
(physical and electronic) protocols. 
Bullabulling Gold Limited 
All field data is manually collected, entered into Micromine 
Field Marshall software, validated in Micromine, and loaded 
into a commercial database (GBIS). All electronic data is 
routinely backed up. 
Data is exported as csv files for processing by a number of 
different software packages. 
Historic (pre-2000) 
There is no information available and is assumed to be done 
to industry standards. 
Discuss any adjustment to assay data. 
None required  
Location of data 
points 
Accuracy and quality of surveys used to locate 
drill holes (collar and down-hole surveys), 
trenches, mine workings and other locations 
used in Mineral Resource estimation. 
The local mine grid was based on AMG Zone 51 coordinates 
up until 2014.  From 2015 onwards GDA94 Zone 51 was used. 
Bullabulling Gold Limited 
All collars have been surveyed by Fugro Spatial Solutions or 
ABIMS by DGPS (accuracy +/-0.1m). A campaign of DGPS 
surveys of extant historical collars was undertaken by Fugro 
and results compared with the inherited database. Results 
indicate that location data for historical drilling is accurate. 
Almost all the BGL drilling has been subject to gyroscopic 
survey. No downhole surveys were undertaken on vertical 
holes.  
From January 2011 to April 2014, continuous downhole 
surveys were performed mainly in-rod by gyroscopic 
technique in the bulk of RC drillholes (85%). A proportion 
(13%) were surveyed down open hole. 24 holes where 
downhole surveys were unable to be performed rely on collar 
survey data for downhole traces. Very few of the historic RC 
drillholes have downhole surveys and therefore rely on collar 
information. Historic diamond holes have downhole survey 
information based on optical surveys. 
Historic 
Collar surveys were completed by Spectrum Surveys and 
Datum Surveys using an unknown survey instrument.  
Coordinates were resurveyed to ensure accuracy, with Datum 
Survey data given preference, where available. 
Downhole surveys were completed on the majority of drill 
holes using an Eastman Camera, with minimal hole deviation 
noted. 
Specification of the grid system used 
The historic drilling coordinates up until 2014 are all in AMG 
Zone 51 coordinates.  All drilling coordinates post-2014 were 
in Map Grid of Australia 1994 (MGA94) Zone 51. 
The 2024 MRE was completed in MGA94 Zone 51. 
Quality and adequacy of topographic control. 
Nominal RLs based on regional topographic datasets (Fugro 
2008 and magnetic survey DTM 2011) are used initially; 
however, these were updated if DGPS coordinates were 
collected. 
Data spacing 
and distribution 
Data spacing for reporting of Exploration 
Results. 
The drilling of the 7km north-south oriented segment of the 
Bullabulling Mineralised Trend was completed along a set of 
east-west trending sections. The section spacing typically 
ranges from 20 m to 20 m apart to 35 m by 75 m apart. 
 
 
 
Page 21 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Preliminary drilling of the northwest-southeast oriented 
portion of the mineralised trend over a strike length of 2km 
was undertaken on east-west sections.  
From January 2013 infill drilling of the northwest-southeast 
oriented trend along the Kraken areas was completed on 
northeast-southwest trending sections orthogonal to the 
mineralised trend. Section spacing was maintained at 35 m by 
75m. 
Areas were classified as Indicated where there is infill drilling 
at 20-40m along strike and 20m on section and where the 
geological and grade continuity are robust.  Areas with drill 
spacing 40-80m along strike and/or along section were 
classified as Inferred.  All laterite material was set to inferred 
category since drilling is predominantly historic. 
The section spacing is sufficient to establish the degree of 
geological and grade continuity necessary to support the 
resource classifications that were applied. 
Whether the data spacing and distribution is 
sufficient to establish the degree of geological 
and grade continuity appropriate for the 
Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve estimation 
procedure(s) and classifications applied. 
The spacing of holes is considered of sufficient density to 
provide an ‘Indicated’ or ‘Inferred’ Mineral Resource 
estimation and classification under JORC (2012). 
Whether sample compositing has been applied. 
None completed 
Orientation of 
data in relation 
to geological 
structure 
Whether the orientation of sampling achieves 
unbiased sampling of possible structures and 
the extent to which this is known, considering 
the deposit type. 
Drilling has been angled (typically -60O) to achieve the most 
representative intersections through mineralisation. 
Drilling is typically oriented perpendicular to the interpreted 
strike of geology and no bias is envisaged. 
If the relationship between the drilling 
orientation and the orientation of key 
mineralised structures is considered to have 
introduced a sampling bias, this should be 
assessed and reported if material. 
None observed. 
Sample security 
The measures taken to ensure sample security. 
Bullabulling Gold Limited 
RC and core samples were collected from drill site and 
delivered by BGL to Kalgoorlie (by road 65km) either to ALS 
or Amdel, following standard chain of custody procedures.  
Core prepared for metallurgical testwork was stored at site 
and then freighted to ALS Metallurgical facility in Perth. Pulp 
samples are boxed and stored at site in locked sea containers. 
Historic 
There is no information available and is assumed to be done 
to industry standards. 
Audits or reviews 
The results of any audits or reviews of sampling 
techniques and data. 
In late 2011 a review of the ALS assay data was undertaken by 
contractor RSC on behalf of BGL who made a number of 
recommendations to improve laboratory practices. Following 
the review the quality of the QC samples submitted by BGL 
improved. 
Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Mineral 
tenement and 
land tenure 
status 
Type, reference name/number, location and 
ownership including agreements or material 
issues with third parties such as joint ventures, 
partnerships, overriding royalties, native title 
interests, historical sites, wilderness or national 
park and environmental settings. 
The Bullabulling Project comprises 7 granted Mining Leases 
(M15/1414, 
M15/282, 
M15/483, 
M15/503, 
M15/529, 
M15/552 & M15/554 ), 5 Mining Lease Applications 
(M15/1854, M15/1878, M15/1879, M15/1880 & M15/1881), 2 
granted Exploration Licenses (E15/1392 & E15/1485), 16 
granted General Purpose Leases (G15/47, G15/30, G15/31, 
G15/32, G15/33, G15/34, G15/35, G15/36, G15/37, G15/38, 
G15/39, G15/40, G15/41, G15/42, G15/44 & G15/45), 17 
 
 
 
Page 22 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
granted Miscellaneous Licences (L15/156, L15/157, L15/158, 
L15/196, L15/206, L15/218, L15/222, L15/328, L15/330, 
L15/331, L15/332, L15/333, L15/334, L15/335, L15/336, 
L15/339 & L15/358), 2 Miscellaneous License Applications 
(L15/357 & L15/359) and 10 granted Prospecting Licenses 
(P15/5356, 
P15/5357, 
P15/5358, 
P15/6062, 
P15/6208, 
P15/6209, P15/6210, P15/6211, P15/6212 & P15/6213). 
The tenement package forms a contiguous, 127km2 area 
located ~65km SW of Kalgoorlie, Western Australia. 
All tenements are held by Bullabulling Operations Pty Ltd and 
Bullabulling Gold Pty Ltd, wholly owned subsidiary of Norton 
Gold Fields Pty Limited (Norton), which are to be transferred 
to Minerals 260 Limited (MI6) upon completion of the 
transaction of the Bullabulling Gold Project. 
 
Other royalties inherited with the purchase of the Bullabulling 
Gold Project: 
• 
Franco Nevada Australia Pty Ltd - 1% gross royalty on 
all gold produced from M15/282, M15/552 and 
M15/554. 
• 
Vox Royalty Australia Pty Ltd - $10/fine ounce (or fine 
ounce equivalent) of gold produced (post-production 
of the first 100,000 oz produced) on tenements 
M15/503 and M15/1414. 
 
The Bullabulling Project is largely underlain by the  
Bullabulling pastoral lease used for livestock rearing.  
Bullabulling Operations Pty Ltd and Bullabulling Gold Pty Ltd 
have permissions in place with Norton Gold Fields Limited 
who hold the pastoral lease. 
 
Bullabulling Operations Pty Ltd and Bullabulling Gold Pty Ltd 
has a Native Title Land Use Agreement in place. 
 
The security of the tenure held at the time of 
reporting along with any known impediments 
to obtaining a licence to operate in the area. 
All tenements are in good standing.  Norton holds all of the 
permits required for the previous production at Bullabulling 
which will be transferred to MI6 on completion of the 
Bullabulling Gold Project transaction. 
Exploration done 
by other parties 
Acknowledgment and appraisal of exploration 
by other parties. 
Ownership of the Bullabulling project has changed several 
times since initial exploration work in the early 1970’s. The key 
dates are summarised below: 
• 
The first significant period of gold exploration was 
undertaken by Western Mining in the period of 1974 to 
1982 who drilled 150 reverse circulation (“RC”) holes 
north of the current Phoenix pit. 
• 
Valiant Consolidated Ltd and Hill Minerals NL formed a 
joint venture (JV) to explore the area in 1985. They 
undertook magnetics surveys, soil sampling and RC and 
rotary air blast drilling (“RAB”) which led to the 
discovery of the Bacchus deposit. 
• 
At the same time Central Kalgoorlie Gold mines NL 
(“CKGM”) was exploring the area north and south of the 
Great Eastern Highway focusing on the laterite gold 
mineralisation. Drilling by CKGM confirmed the 
presence of both lateritic and primary mineralisation 
and the existence of the Phoenix deposit. 
• 
In 1993 Samantha Gold NL (Samantha) purchased the 
ground held by CKGM and the JV partners. The drilling 
 
 
 
Page 23 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
database at the time consisted of 6,500 auger, RAB, Air 
Core, RC and diamond drillholes. Samantha continued 
RC drilling focusing on the Bacchus and Phoenix areas. 
• 
In the period 1995 to 1996, the company name was 
changed initially to Resolute Samantha Limited and 
then Resolute Limited. 
• 
Mining started in 1995 and focused on the Bacchus and 
Phoenix areas. Small pits were also developed in the 
Hobbit 
and 
Dicksons 
areas 
mining 
supergene 
mineralisation. Prior to this period of mining, aside from 
a few small underground workings in the vicinity of the 
Hobbit and Dicksons pits, there had been almost no 
mining in the Bullabulling area. 
• 
In 1998 Resolute Limited suspended mining operations 
at Bullabulling as the project was considered at the time 
not to be economically viable at current gold prices. 
Resolute Limited is believed to have produced 7.9 Mt at 
1.45 ppm gold up to that time. 
• 
In 2002 Jervois Mining Limited (JML) acquired the 
Bullabulling Tenements from Resolute limited. JML 
started a small scale operation and processed the 
laterites using heap leaching methods. 
• 
In February 2010 Jervois Mining Limited sold the 
Bullabulling tenements to Auzex Resources Limited. 
• 
During the period May 2010 to April 2012, the 
Bullabulling project was subject to ongoing exploration 
under a 50:50 joint venture agreement between Auzex 
Resources Limited (“Auzex”) and GGG Resources Plc 
(“GGG”). During this period the exploration field work 
was undertaken and managed largely by Auzex. By 
February 2012 Auzex had drilled 696 drillholes totaling 
114,259m of mostly reverse circulation drilling. 
• 
In April 2012 the Bullabulling Gold Limited (“BGL”) 
entity was formed to own and manage the project after 
GGG purchased Auzex’s 50% interest in the project.  By 
April 2013, BGL had completed an additional 69 holes 
for 10,816 metres of mostly reverse circulation, 
completing resource updates in 2012 and 2013 over the 
Bullabulling resource area. 
• 
In September 2014, Norton Gold Fields Limited 
(“Norton”) completed a takeover of BGL.   
• 
In June 2015, Norton was purchased by Zijin Mining 
Group Co., Ltd.  Additional metallurgical drilling and 
testwork was completed up until 2023, along with 
primarily mining studies (e.g. environmental surveys). 
Geology 
Deposit type, geological setting and style of 
mineralisation. 
The Bullabulling Project area is located within the  Coolgardie 
domain of the Kalgoorlie Terrane in the Archaean aged Yilgarn 
Craton in Western Australia. 
 
The Coolgradie domain is bounded by the Zuleika Shear to 
the east and the Ida Fault to the west and contains greenstone 
sequences. The Burra Granite makes up the southern part of 
the Coolgardie Domain. A major structure, the Kunanalling 
Shear Zone passes through the middle of the domain as well 
as many folds and thrusts which repeat the greenstone 
stratigraphy which outlines the Coolgardie Domain of the 
Eastern Goldfields Super Terrane. 
 
 
 
 
Page 24 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Bullabulling is situated on the western side of the Norseman-
Wiluna greenstone belt. The belt is a series of north-south 
striking mafic, ultramafic, felsic volcanic and sedimentary 
rocks which are extensively metamorphosed from multiple 
deformation phases ranging from greenschist to amphibolite 
facies metamorphism. The stratigraphy is generally dipping 
30–40° to the west and is cut by numerous pegmatite/aplite 
dykes and sills. Variations in dip occur due to folding and 
occasional faulting. 
 
Gold mineralisation is hosted in a continuous sequence of 
amphibolite which strikes approximately 8 km. The 
amphibolites range from hornblende-rich to quartz-rich and 
sit on an ultramafic basement. 
 
The Bullabulling trend is typified by a network of ductile high 
strain zones and folds that broadly parallel the stratigraphy 
and are the result of multiple deformation events. The 
structures have allowed fluid flow into the amphibolite 
sequence resulting in the deposition and remobilisation of 
gold. 
 
Drill hole 
Information 
A summary of all information material to the 
understanding of the exploration results 
including a tabulation of the following 
information for all Material drill holes: 
• 
easting and northing of the drill hole 
collar 
• 
elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation 
above sea level in metres) of the drill hole 
collar 
• 
dip and azimuth of the hole 
• 
down hole length and interception depth 
• 
hole length. 
No Exploration Results reported 
Data 
aggregation 
methods 
In reporting Exploration Results, weighting 
averaging techniques, maximum and/or 
minimum grade truncations (eg cutting of high 
grades) and cut-off grades are usually Material 
and should be stated. 
No Exploration Results reported 
Where aggregate intercepts incorporate short 
lengths of high-grade results and longer lengths 
of low grade results, the procedure used for such 
aggregation should be stated and some typical 
examples of such aggregations should be shown 
in detail. 
No Exploration Results reported 
The assumptions used for any reporting of 
metal equivalent values should be clearly 
stated. 
No Exploration Results reported 
Relationship 
between 
mineralisation 
widths and 
intercept lengths 
These relationships are particularly important in 
the reporting of Exploration Results. 
If the geometry of the mineralisation with 
respect to the drill hole angle is known, its 
nature should be reported. 
If it is not known and only the down hole 
lengths are reported, there should be a clear 
The Bullabulling mineralisation parallels the stratigraphy 
where it dips at between 15° and 60° towards the west, 
averaging around 30°. Extending southeast of Kraken 
mineralisation swings as an open fold with the stratigraphy 
and then strikes northwest-southeast with mineralisation 
dipping between 30° and 45° to the southwest. 
Drilling has been completed perpendicular to mineralisation 
with most holes orientated to the east and dipping at -60O. 
 
 
 
Page 25 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
statement to this effect (eg ‘down hole length, 
true width not known’). 
The true thickness of mineralisation is thought to be between 
85-95% of drilling intercepts.  
Diagrams 
Appropriate maps and sections (with scales) and 
tabulations of intercepts should be included for 
any significant discovery being reported These 
should include, but not be limited to a plan view 
of drill hole collar locations and appropriate 
sectional views. 
See Figures in body of report 
Balanced 
reporting 
Where comprehensive reporting of all 
Exploration Results is not practicable, 
representative reporting of both low and high 
grades and/or widths should be practiced to 
avoid misleading reporting of Exploration 
Results. 
No Exploration Results reported.   
Other 
substantive 
exploration data 
Other exploration data, if meaningful and 
material, should be reported including (but not 
limited to): geological observations; geophysical 
survey results; geochemical survey results; bulk 
samples – size and method of treatment; 
metallurgical test results; bulk density, 
groundwater, geotechnical and rock 
characteristics; potential deleterious or 
contaminating substances. 
All meaningful and material data reported 
Further work 
The nature and scale of planned further work 
(eg tests for lateral extensions or depth 
extensions or large-scale step-out drilling). 
• RC and diamond core infill and extensional drilling. 
• Commencement of a study. 
• Commencement of water exploration drilling 
• Metallurgical drilling, sampling and testwork 
• The exploration work will be staged with programs 
modified and updated subject to ongoing results. 
 
Section 3 Estimation and Reporting of Mineral Resources 
(Criteria listed in section 1, and where relevant in section 2, also apply to this section.) 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Database 
integrity 
Measures taken to ensure that data has not been 
corrupted by, for example, transcription or keying errors, 
between its initial collection and its use for Mineral 
Resource estimation purposes 
The Mineral Resource estimate utilises Norton, BGL 
and historic reverse circulation and diamond hole 
assay data. 
Norton Gold Fields Pty Ltd (Norton) 
Drillhole data was supplied to Snowden Optiro as csv 
files exported from Norton’s in-house drillhole 
database. 
Geological data is stored in house within a relational 
SQL database, Datashed. DataShed software has 
validation procedures that include constraints, library 
tables, triggers, and stored procedures. Data that does 
not pass validation tests must be corrected before 
upload.  
Geological data is collected with Logchief software 
and uploaded digitally. The software utilises lookup 
tables, fixed formatting, and validation routines to 
ensure data integrity prior to upload to the central 
database. 
Bullabulling Gold Limited 
BGL utilises the QAQC Dashboard within Datashed 5 
software to analyse QAQC data, and batches which do 
not meet passing criteria are requested to be re‐
assayed. Sample grades are checked visually in three 
 
 
 
Page 26 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
dimensions against the logged geology and 
geological interpretation. Drill hole collar pickups are 
checked against planned and/or actual collar 
locations. 
Historic 
There is no information available and is assumed to 
be done to industry standards. 
Data validation procedures used. 
Data validation processes are in place and run upon 
import into the database to be used for the MRE in 
Datamine Studio RM by Snowden Optiro.  No 
material issues were noted. 
Site visits 
Comment on any site visits undertaken by the Competent 
Person and the outcome of those visits. 
The Competent Person for Table 1, Section 1 and 2, 
Matthew Blake, conducted site visits to Bullabulling.   
No site visit has been undertaken by the resource 
estimation Competent Person (Table 1, Section 3), Ms 
Susan Havlin from Snowden Optiro, is accepting 
responsibility for the Bullabulling Mineral Resource 
estimate. 
If no site visits have been undertaken indicate why this is 
the case. 
The 
drilling 
was 
completed 
prior 
to 
the 
commencement of the Mineral Resource estimate.  As 
a result, there was no meaningful value in a site visit 
at that time. 
Ms Susan Havlin from Snowden Optiro is satisfied with 
the approaches to the drilling and sampling. 
Geological 
interpretation 
Confidence in (or conversely, the uncertainty of ) the 
geological interpretation of the mineral deposit. 
Overall, there is confidence at a global (domain-level) 
scale of the interpretations, with the expectation that 
they will continue to be refined following the 
collection of additional data. 
Interpretations at Bullabulling have been completed 
in 3D using Leapfrog software. All available data has 
been used to help build the geological interpretation, 
with the integration of geological logging, drill hole 
assay data and geological maps. Geological logging 
(lithology, alteration and mineralogy) and gold assays 
from reverse circulation (RC), rotary air blast (RAB), air 
core (AC) and diamond drilling (DD) data were used 
to inform the interpretations. Although gold grade 
was principal in the interpretations it was not the sole 
control and was used in combination with the other 
analytical and logging data.   
RC and diamond drilling assays only were used in the 
estimates of Bullabulling. 
Nature of the data used and of any assumptions made. 
The data is considered to be robust due to effective 
database management, and validation checks to verify 
the quality.   
The effect, if any, of alternative interpretations on Mineral 
Resource estimation. 
The Competent Person considers that due to the 
nature of the Bullabulling deposit, alternative 
interpretations of the geological model are not likely 
to materially deviate from the final interpretation. 
The use of geology in guiding and controlling Mineral 
Resource estimation. 
Diamond 
drill 
holes 
have 
provided 
detailed 
information to assist in the development of the 
geological and mineralisation interpretation. The 
confidence in type, thickness and location of host 
lithologies and mineralised structures in the deposit 
area is good.  
The factors affecting continuity both of grade and 
geology. 
The continuity of both grade and geology are most 
likely to be affected by structural controls and local 
 
 
 
Page 27 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
complexity including post mineralisation faulting and 
folding. 
Dimensions 
The extent and variability of the Mineral Resource 
expressed as length (along strike or otherwise), plan width, 
and depth below surface to the upper and lower limits of 
the Mineral Resource. 
Length along strike (as modelled): A total ~8km over 
the north south trend for Dicksons, Phoenix and 
Bacchus and the northwest – southeast trend at 
Kraken.  
Horizontal width: mineralised domains are 0.5 m to 
20m in width (more often 3-5 m) 
Depth from surface to the limit of classified material: 
~300 m.   
Bullabulling is a potential open pit mining proposition 
which has been mined historically with open pit 
methods. 
Estimation and 
modelling 
techniques 
The nature and appropriateness of the estimation 
technique(s) applied and key assumptions, including 
treatment of extreme grade values, domaining, 
interpolation parameters and maximum distance of 
extrapolation from data points. If a computer assisted 
estimation method was chosen include a description of 
computer software and parameters used. 
Software used 
• 
DataShed – front end to a SQL database  
• 
Leapfrog Geo –Material type (weathering), 
pegmatite and mineralisation wireframes, and 
regional geology  
• 
Snowden Supervisor ‐ geostatistics, variography, 
declustering, 
top-cut 
analysis, 
kriging 
neighbourhood analysis (KNA), validation  
• 
Datamine Studio RM – Drill hole validation, 
cross‐section, plan and long‐section plotting, 
block modelling, geostatistics, OK estimation, 
block model validation, classification, and 
reporting.  
 
Estimation techniques 
The Bullabulling estimate was completed employing 
OK grade estimation of 1.0m length composites. The 
mineralised interpretations defined consistent zones 
of gold mineralised material as defined by logged 
geology and/or assay data. Pegmatite lodes were 
defined by logged geology and built in synergy with 
mineralisation.   
The drill density is at a sufficient spacing that OK is 
considered appropriate to inform a local estimate. 
• 
The grade distributions for all variables were 
assessed for the need for top-cutting to restrict 
the local impact of a limited number of outlier 
grades.   
• 
Gold was estimated into the mineralised, 
pegmatite and waste domains. 
Block model and estimation parameters:  
• 
One metre downhole composite gold data was 
interpolated into parent blocks using OK grade 
estimation. 
• 
Estimation technique for all mineralised domains 
– Ordinary Kriging ‐ considered the most 
appropriate method with respect to the 
observed continuity of mineralisation, spatial 
analysis (variography) and dimensions of the 
domains defined by drilling. Nearest Neighbour 
techniques were applied to blocks that were not 
informed after the third search pass. 
• 
Continuity 
was 
determined 
by 
variogram 
analysis. The maximum continuity range was 
 
 
 
Page 28 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
180m along strike, 70m across strike and 20m 
down dip. 
• 
Kriging Neighbourhood Analysis was undertaken 
to optimise the search neighbourhood used for 
the estimation and to test the parent block size.  
The search ellipse and selected samples by block 
were viewed in three dimensions to verify the 
parameters.  
• 
Model rotation – No rotation has been applied 
to the model.  
The availability of check estimates, previous estimates 
and/or mine production records and whether the Mineral 
Resource estimate takes appropriate account of such data. 
The Bullabulling Resource was previously estimated 
by Snowden in February 2012 and updated in July & 
September 2013.   
A comparison between the Snowden 2012 estimate 
and the current Snowden Optiro December 2024 
estimate was completed, with marginally higher 
global tonnage and grade in the December 2024 
resource. 
These changes can be attributed to the following 
factors: 
• 
Changes to the mineralisation interpretation. 
The models are more refined and now include 
high-grade domains to constrain the high grade 
and prevent dilution resulting in an increase in 
gold grade.  
• 
Changes in the relationship between pegmatite 
and mineralisation domains. Previously, 
pegmatites acted as depleting volumes on the 
resource, reducing the tonnage. The December 
2024 MRE has used pegmatite wireframes that 
have been interpreted together with the 
mineralisation and the pegmatites are also more 
refined and have been estimated, rather than 
given a default grade. The pegmatites were not 
used to deplete mineralisation in this MRE since 
it is believed the interpretation more accurately 
lends itself to allow the pegmatite domains to 
be overprinted by mineralisation domains. This 
has resulted in more tonnes of mineralised 
material. 
• 
The density values used are slightly increased 
when compared to the 2012 MRE, resulting in 
more tonnes. Density values were increased to 
account for the increased depths of completely 
oxidised and transitional material. 
Mine production records were not available. 
The assumptions made regarding recovery of by-products. 
No assumptions made. 
Estimation of deleterious elements or other non-grade 
variables of economic significance (eg sulphur for acid 
mine drainage characterisation). 
No deleterious elements estimated. 
In the case of block model interpolation, the block size in 
relation to the average sample spacing and the search 
employed. 
Block Sizes 
Parent block size for the North model for 
mineralised domains ‐ 10 m(E) by 20 m(N) by 5 
 
 
 
Page 29 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
m(RL) (parent cell estimation with full subset of 
points).  
Parent block size for the South model for 
mineralised domains ‐ 10 m(E) by 10 m(N) by 5 
m(RL) (parent cell estimation with full subset of 
points).  
Parent block size for both models for waste domains 
‐ 20 m(E) by 40 m(N) by 5 m(RL) (parent cell 
estimation with full subset of points).  
Smallest sub‐cell for both mineralised and waste 
domains– 2 m(E) by 2 m(N) by 1 m(RL).  
Parent cell discretisation for the North model‐ 4 X by 
6 Y by 3 Z (using the number of points method).  
Parent cell discretisation for the South model‐ 4 X by 
4 Y by 3 Z (using the number of points method). 
Search ellipse was aligned to subtle changes in the 
mineralisation trend using dynamic anisotropy for 
mineralised domains. 
Number of samples: Determined by Kriging 
Neighbourhood Analysis (KNA) 
North Model Search 1: Minimum samples per drill 
hole is 8, maximum samples is 26 and a maximum 
search no further than half the variogram range. 
Search 2: Minimum samples per drill hole is 6, 
maximum samples is 26 and a maximum search 
equal to the variogram range. Search 3: minimum 
samples per drill hole is 4, maximum samples is 26 
and the maximum search is 5 times longer than the 
variogram range. 
Maximum composites per drillhole is 3 samples to 
reduce any grade smearing from non-optimised drill 
orientations. 
Maximum distance of extrapolation from data points 
is 80 m from sample data to Inferred boundary. 
Any assumptions behind modelling of selective mining 
units. 
No assumptions made regarding mining of selective 
mining units. 
Any assumptions about correlation between variables. 
No assumptions made regarding correlation of 
variables as only gold was estimated in the model. 
Description of how the geological interpretation was used 
to control the resource estimates. 
Domain boundary conditions:  
• 
Mineralisation Domains: Gold was estimated into 
each of the estimation domains (both higher and 
lower grade mineralisation). Hard boundaries 
were applied between the higher grade and lower 
grade mineralisation to ensure there was no 
smearing of grade. Contact analysis between the 
mineralised 
domains 
and 
waste 
domains 
confirmed 
hard 
boundaries 
which 
were 
subsequently applied in the model.  The material 
types (weathering states) oxidised, transition and 
fresh material, were assigned in the model. 
Contact analysis was performed which identified 
no boundary between the material types.  
• 
Waste: material was estimated into the pegmatite 
and waste domains with a hard boundary.   
• 
Mineralisation domains were combined into 
areas based on geographical location and 
mineralisation type to assist with validation due 
to the size and complexity of the deposit. The 
 
 
 
Page 30 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
following areas were grouped: Dicksons, Phoenix, 
Bacchus, Kraken and Laterite material. Statistical 
analysis confirmed the grouping of domain in 
areas was appropriate. 
Discussion of basis for using or not using grade cutting or 
capping. 
Treatment of extreme grade values – the distance that 
outlier grades could influence was restricted using a 
threshold distance set for a defined top cut value 
within estimation domains. 
 
The top‐cut value was determined through the 
analysis of histograms, log histograms, log probability 
plots and spatial analysis. Top-cuts values applied for 
mineralised domains ranged from 5g/t to 40g/t Au 
and threshold distances for all domains were set to 
20m to reflect the drill spacing.  Not all lodes or 
domains required top-cutting. 
The process of validation, the checking process used, the 
comparison of model data to drill hole data, and use of 
reconciliation data if available. 
The following validation checks were performed: 
• 
Comparison of the volume of wireframe vs the 
volume of block model.  
• 
Checks on the sum of gram metres prior to 
compositing vs the sum of gram metres post 
compositing.  
• 
A negative gold grade check to confirm no 
negative grades are present. 
• 
Comparison of the model average grade and the 
declustered sample grade by domain and analyte.  
• 
Generation of swath plots by Domain, for 
northing, easting and elevation.  
• 
Visual check of drill data vs model data in plan, 
section and three dimensions.  
• 
Comparison to previous models. 
• 
All validation checks gave appropriate results and 
confirmed the estimation parameters. There has 
been no reconciliation check with historic mining. 
Moisture 
Whether the tonnages are estimated on a dry basis or 
with natural moisture, and the method of determination 
of the moisture content. 
Moisture was not considered in the density 
assignment (dry densities used). Bulk density values 
used were derived from local data and guided by 
experience. Pegmatite and fill material were assigned 
default values, based on known generic values. 
Cut-off 
parameters 
The basis of the adopted cut-off grade(s) or quality 
parameters applied. 
Resources available for open pit mining are reported 
above a cut-off grade of 0.5 g/t Au inside the 
A$3,000/oz RPEEE pit shell. 
 
Grade-tonnage curves were generated in order to 
review various cut -off grades. 
Mining factors or 
assumptions 
Assumptions made regarding possible mining methods, 
minimum mining dimensions and internal (or, if 
applicable, external) mining dilution. It is always 
necessary as part of the process of determining reasonable 
prospects for eventual economic extraction to consider 
potential mining methods, but the assumptions made 
regarding mining methods and parameters when 
estimating Mineral Resources may not always be rigorous. 
Where this is the case, this should be reported with an 
explanation of the basis of the mining assumptions made. 
The MRE is reported under conditions where the 
Company believes there are reasonable prospects of 
eventual economic extraction through standard open 
pit operations. 
 
Resources are reported inside the A$3,000/oz RPEEE 
optimized pit shell. 
 
Dilution and mining recovers have been factored into 
the block model via re-blocking of the resource 
margins at 5x5x5m.  
 
 
 
 
Page 31 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
The pit optimisation used a slope angle of 53o for fresh 
rock, 35o or 40o for transitional east and west 
respectively and 23o for oxide (20m depth). 
 
It is considered that there are no other mining factors 
which are likely to affect the assumption that the 
deposit has reasonable prospects for eventual 
economic extraction. No detailed pit design of 
scheduling has been undertaken at this stage.  
Metallurgical 
factors or 
assumptions 
The basis for assumptions or predictions regarding 
metallurgical amenability. It is always necessary as part of 
the process of determining reasonable prospects for 
eventual economic extraction to consider potential 
metallurgical methods, but the assumptions regarding 
metallurgical treatment processes and parameters made 
when reporting Mineral Resources may not always be 
rigorous. Where this is the case, this should be reported 
with an explanation of the basis of the metallurgical 
assumptions made. 
Metallurgical testwork was undertaken at Scoping and 
Prefeasibility Study levels by Bullabulling Gold Limited 
between 2011 and 2014. Results show that 
mineralisation is amenable to conventional Carbon-
In-Leach (CIL) processing.   
Process recoveries used are: 
• 
Oxide - (Au - 0.158)/Au x 100 
• 
Transitional - (Au - 0.067)/Au x 100 
• 
Fresh - (Au - (0.1007x Au+0.0257))/Au x 100 
The average process recovery utilised for the resource 
is 87%. 
Process recoveries have been utilised in determining 
the A$3,000 RPEEE optimised pit shell and Mineral 
Resource estimate. 
Environmental 
factors or 
assumptions 
Assumptions made regarding possible waste and process 
residue disposal options. It is always necessary as part of 
the process of determining reasonable prospects for 
eventual economic extraction to consider the potential 
environmental impacts of the mining and processing 
operation. While at this stage the determination of 
potential environmental impacts, particularly for a 
greenfields project, may not always be well advanced, the 
status of early consideration of these potential 
environmental impacts should be reported. Where these 
aspects have not been considered this should be reported 
with an explanation of the environmental assumptions 
made. 
Preliminary 
environmental 
studies 
have 
been 
completed, including native flora and fauna surveys. 
 
To date, studies have not identified any issues which 
will impact the potential development of a mine. 
 
The Company will require additional statutory 
approvals typical for a gold mine in Western Australia 
before any development of Bullabulling can proceed. 
Key among these are approvals under the Mining Act 
1978 (WA) (Mining Proposal and Mine Closure Plan) 
and Mine Safety and Inspection Act 1994 (WA) 
(Project Management Plan). The Company considers it 
will accordingly receive these and other necessary 
approvals, but no assurance can be given that they will 
be received, or on conditions that the Company may 
accept. 
Bulk density 
Whether assumed or determined. If assumed, the basis for 
the assumptions. If determined, the method used, whether 
wet or dry, the frequency of the measurements, the 
nature, size and representativeness of the samples. 
No additional dry bulk density measurements have 
been made since the 2012 Mineral Resource estimate. 
Dry bulk density values for Bullabulling were 
measured based on the Archimedean Principle using 
the immersion method for individual core samples.  
A total of 343 density measurements were taken. Dry 
bulk density has been assigned based on material type 
(weathering profile) as per the Snowden 2012 density 
assignments, however some values were increased to 
account for deeper weathering profiles interpreted in 
December 2024.  
• 
A default bulk density of 2.10 t/m3 was 
assigned to completely oxidised material. 
• 
A default bulk density of 2.55 t/m3 was 
assigned to transitional material.  
• 
A default bulk density of 2.91 t/m3 was 
assigned to partially fresh material.  
 
 
 
Page 32 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
• 
A default bulk density of 2.7 t/m3 was assigned 
to pegmatite material.  
• 
A default bulk density of 1.8 t/m3 was assigned 
to in pit fill material. 
The bulk density for bulk material must have been 
measured by methods that adequately account for void 
spaces (vugs, porosity, etc), moisture and differences 
between rock and alteration zones within the deposit. 
Dry bulk density values for Bullabulling were 
measured based on the Archimedean Principle using 
the immersion method for individual core samples. 
Discuss assumptions for bulk density estimates used in the 
evaluation process of the different materials. 
Densities and rock types have been assigned 
according to the weathering horizon and geological 
models based on downhole logging. 
Classification 
The basis for the classification of the Mineral Resources 
into varying confidence categories. 
The Bullabulling deposit has been classified as an 
Indicated and Inferred Mineral Resource.  There are no 
Measured Mineral Resources. 
 
The principal criteria for classification were geological 
and grade continuity of the mineralised and 
pegmatite lodes and taking into account the quality of 
the sampling and assay data and confidence in 
estimation of Au content. 
 
Areas were classified as Indicated where there is infill 
drilling at 20-40m along strike and 20m on section 
and where the geological and grade continuity are 
robust. Areas with drill spacing 40-80m along strike 
and/or along section were classified as Inferred. 
 
All laterite material was set to inferred category since 
drilling is predominantly historic. 
 
All waste domains were set to unclassified to reflect 
the lack of confidence in grade distribution for these 
domains. 
 
Any in pit infill material was set to unclassified. 
Whether appropriate account has been taken of all 
relevant factors (i.e. relative confidence in tonnage/grade 
estimations, reliability of input data, confidence in 
continuity of geology and metal values, quality, quantity 
and distribution of the data). 
Appropriate account has been taken of all relevant 
factors 
in 
determine 
the 
Mineral 
Resource 
classifications. 
Whether the result appropriately reflects the Competent 
Person’s view of the deposit. 
The applied Mineral Resource classification reflects 
the Competent Persons’ view of the deposit. 
 
The portions of the deposit that do not have 
reasonable 
prospects 
for 
eventual 
economic 
extraction are not included in the Mineral Resource.  In 
assessing the reasonable prospects, the Competent 
Person 
has 
evaluated 
preliminary 
mining, 
metallurgical recoveries, economic and geotechnical 
parameters. 
Audits or reviews 
The results of any audits or reviews of Mineral Resource 
estimates. 
Internal peer review has been undertaken during the 
Mineral Resource estimation process. Entech Mining 
consultants were engaged by Minerals 260 to review 
the Mineral Resource estimate as part of due 
diligence.  No material issues or fatal flaws were found 
in due diligence. 
 
 
 
Page 33 of 33 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Discussion of 
relative 
accuracy/ 
confidence 
Where appropriate a statement of the relative accuracy 
and confidence level in the Mineral Resource estimate 
using an approach or procedure deemed appropriate by 
the Competent Person. For example, the application of 
statistical or geostatistical procedures to quantify the 
relative accuracy of the resource within stated confidence 
limits, or, if such an approach is not deemed appropriate, 
a qualitative discussion of the factors that could affect the 
relative accuracy and confidence of the estimate. 
The Mineral Resource classification reflects the relative 
confidence in the estimate. No formal quantification 
of the relative accuracy and confidence levels has yet 
been undertaken. 
 
The confidence levels have been assigned to the 
parent block size. In all projects, there are areas that 
approach a local (annual production scale) estimate, 
and this has been reflected in the applied Mineral 
Resource classification. 
 
The OK estimate has been compared to the previous 
OK estimate (Snowden 2012) and deemed adequate 
for the classification. No other estimation approach 
was undertaken during this MRE update. 
The statement should specify whether it relates to global 
or local estimates, and, if local, state the relevant 
tonnages, which should be relevant to technical and 
economic evaluation. Documentation should include 
assumptions made and the procedures used. 
The statement relates to global estimates of tonnes 
and grade for open pit mining scenarios. 
These statements of relative accuracy and confidence of 
the estimate should be compared with production data, 
where available. 
No production data was available. 
 
