19 AUGUST 2024
ASX RELEASE
TENEMENT ACQUISITIONS EXPAND
KANOWNA GOLD PROJECT
HIGHLIGHTS
▪ Two tenements acquired from Yandal Resources Ltd (YRL) to consolidate the Kanowna Gold
Project
▪ This gives Cosmo 32km2 of contiguous tenure and more than 8km of prospective strike
Cosmo Metals Ltd (“Cosmo” or the “Company”) (ASX: CMO) is pleased to announce the acquisition of
two tenements from Yandal Resources Ltd (ASX:YRL) at the Kanowna Gold Project (“KGP” or the “Project”).
Cosmo’s Chairman, Peter Bird commented:
“These two tenements are an obvious complement to the Kanowna Gold Project, giving us 100% ownership
over 8km of highly prospective gold targets along the Kanowna Shear. As a fully scrip-based acquisition it
enables Cosmo to maximise expenditure in the ground and we appreciate Yandal’s support.”
“At Kanowna we have an enormous opportunity for a significant gold discovery, as the project hosts one
of the largest orogenic pathfinder anomalies in the Goldfields in a similar setting to the Invincible gold
discovery at Kambalda. We are very keen to continue advancing our understanding of the gold system.”
“While the recruitment process for a new Managing Director is underway we’re reviewing all the Kanowna
Project data including all available geological and geophysical datasets to refine our targets for future
drilling campaigns.”
Acquisition Details
Cosmo has acquired prospecting licences P26/4577 and P27/2461 from Yandal Resources Ltd for a
consideration of $50,000 payable in CMO ordinary shares at a deemed issue price calculated using the 5-
day VWAP prior to the date of the agreement.

Figure 1: Kanowna Gold Project, with the two new tenements shaded red
This announcement is authorised for release to the ASX by the Board of Cosmo Metals Ltd.
For further information please contact:
Peter Bird (Non Executive Chairman)
Follow CMO on Follow CMO on
Cosmo Metals LinkedIn Twitter
Phone +61 8 6400 5301
Email: admin@cosmometals.com.au
Website: cosmometals.com.au

About Cosmo Metals Ltd
Cosmo Metals Ltd (Cosmo; ASX: CMO) is
an ASX-listed, gold and base metals
exploration company with key projects
located in Western Australia.
In early CY 2024, Cosmo announced the
intention to acquire the Kanowna Gold
Project (KGP) located adjacent to the 7m
ounce Au Kanowna Belle gold mine some
13km north of Kalgoorlie.
Cosmo is also active in the
underexplored Yamarna Belt in the
Eastern Goldfields region which is
considered highly prospective for
copper-nickel-cobalt (Cu-Ni-Co) and
platinum group elements (PGE).
Cosmo’s activities are supported by a
well-regarded technical team who are
advancing exploration on multiple fronts
to unlock the potential of both the KGP
and Yamarna Projects.

