1
ASX Announcement 
23 December 2024 
Amendment to ASX Announcement 
Whitebark Energy Limited (ASX:WBE) WBE, Whitebark or the Company) wishes to advise of amendments to 
the announcement titled “Strategic Acquisition presentation – King Energy” released on 23 December 2024, 
which amendments are included in the attached revised announcement. 
The following amendments have been made: 
•
Page 6 has been updated to remove contain forecast financial information derived from an estimate
of prospective resource, to comply with Listing Rule 5.28.6.
•
Page 7 and 8 have been removed due to peer comparisons with companies further along in the
exploration activity and production cycle, to comply with ASX Compliance Update no. 08/18 & ASX
Compliance Update no. 08/24.
This ASX announcement was approved for release by the Board of Whitebark Energy Limited. 
For further information: 
Mark Lindh 
Chairman 
Ph: +61 8 8232 8800 
Mark.lindh@whitebarkenergy.com 
Slide 1
Slide 1
Strategic Acquisition – King Energy
December 2024
Mark Lindh – Chairman
Richard King – Director - King Energy 
DISCLAIMER
No representation or warranty, expressed or implied, is made by Whitebark Energy Ltd that the material contained in this presentation will be achieved or prove to be correct. Except for statutory liability which cannot be 
excluded, Whitebark Energy, their officers, employees and advisers expressly disclaim any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the material contained in this presentation and exclude all liability whatsoever 
(including in negligence) for any loss or damage which may be suffered by any person as a consequence of any information in this presentation or any error or omission there from. Whitebark Energy do not have any 
responsibility to update any person regarding any inaccuracy, omission or change in information in this presentation or any other information made available to a person nor any obligation to furnish the person with any further 
information.
This presentation contains certain statements which may constitute "forward-looking statements". Whitebark Energy believe that the expectations reflected in these statements are reasonable. However such statements are only 
predictions and are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties and changes in the underlying assumptions which could cause actual values, results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed, implied 
or projected in any forward-looking statements.
The information in this presentation is an overview and does not contain all information necessary for investment decisions. In making investment decisions investors should rely on their own due diligence and consult with their own 
technical, legal, tax, business and/or financial advisers.
All dates in this presentation are for calendar years unless stated FY for financial year and all references to $ are in Australian currency, unless stated otherwise.
Cautionary Statement Prospective Resource Estimates
The estimated quantities of petroleum that may potentially be recovered by the application of a future development project(s) relate to undiscovered accumulations. These estimates have both an associated risk of discovery, as 
well as a risk of development. Further exploration, appraisal and evaluation is required to determine the existence of a commercial quantity of potentially moveable hydrocarbons.
References and Competency Statements
The Company confirms that that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the relevant market announcements included in this presentation and, in the case of oil and gas 
Reserves and Resource Estimates, that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in the relevant market announcements continue to apply and have not materially changed.
The information in this document relating to resources is based on information compiled by Mr Stuart King, a director of King Energy. Mr King is a Petroleum Geologist and has a Bachelor of Science in Geology and Geography 
(Hons) from the University of Western Australia and a Masters of Business Administration in Oil & Gas Management from Robert Gordon University. He is a member of the Society of Petroleum Engineers (SPE), the American 
Association of Petroleum Geologists (AAPG), the South East Asian Petroleum Exploration Society (SEAPEX) and the Australian Geothermal Association (AGA) and has 25 years’ experience in the industry in exploration, appraisal, 
field development planning, reserves and resources assessment, commercial valuations and business development.
A Note Regarding Forward Looking Information
This announcement includes certain statements related to our future business and financial performance and future events or developments involving Whitebark Energy Limited (‘WBE’ or ‘the Company’) that may constitute 
forward-looking statements. All statements, other than statements of historical fact, that refer to any future oil and gas production, resources or reserves, exploration results and events that  the Company expects to occur are 
forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that the expectations in those forward looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, such statements are not a guarantee of future performance and 
actual results or developments may differ materially from the outcomes anticipated. This may be due to several factors, including market prices, exploration and exploitation success, and the continued availability of capital and 
financing, plus general economic, market or business conditions. Investors are cautioned that any such statements are not guarantees of future performance, and actual results or performance may differ materially from those 
projected in the forward-looking statements. The Company does not assume any obligation to update or revise its forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.
King Energy Limited Acquisition Structure
ACQUISITION OVERVIEW
Transaction 
Overview
■Whitebark has agreed to acquire King Energy via an off-market takeover offer. Whitebark and King Energy have entered into a
Bid Implementation Agreement, under which King Energy’s Directors unanimously recommend that King Energy shareholders
accept the Offer
■King Energy is an Australian public unlisted company that hold a 70% (with an option to acquire the remaining 30%) interest in
two Petroleum Exploration Licenses comprising 19,467 km2 in the Officer Basin, South Australia (Alinya Project). King Energy
controls the operations of the Alinya Project. The Alinya Project comprises over 20 identified prospects the largest of which are
the Rickerscote, Milford and Milford East targets, each of which exceeds 150km2 of closure or productive area
■Given the productive area of the currently identified traps (up to 400km2), the occurrence Hydrogen or helium could result in the
discovery of extremely large volumes, by global standards.
■The acquisition of King Energy will provide Whitebark with access to some of the largest seismically defined structures onshore
Australia hosting the potential for significant prospective resources of naturally occurring hydrogen and helium, together with
hydrocarbon prospectivity to fuel Australia’s energy future and security.
■The Offer is subject to a 90% minimum acceptance condition by King Energy shareholders.
■Whitebark intends to undertake a capital raising early in 2025 to provide funding for exploration activities.
Ownership 
■Whitebark will issue 100 million new Whitebark shares at a deemed issue price of $0.012 per share and 100 million new
Whitebark options (exercisable at $0.05 on or before 31 March 2030) as consideration for the acquisition of King Energy.
■The implied value of the acquisition is AUD$1,669,700 and provides existing and new shareholders in Whitebark significant
exposure to value upside assuming successful exploitation of the asset portfolio.
1.
Kanpa-1, Lancer-1, Vines-1 & Empress-1 Fluid Inclusion Stratigraphy (FIS) H2 and He – Officer Basin,
WA, Munta-1, DST trace H2 and He – Officer Basin, PEL-81, SA
2.
Amadeus Basin: Magee-1 & Mount Kitty-1 up to 9.0% helium and 11.5% hydrogen;
Yorke Peninsula:
Ramsay-1 and -2 up to 25% helium and 89.0% hydrogen
Fuelling Australia’s Energy Future 
The 3H Strategy - Delivering White Hydrogen, Natural Helium and 
Transition Energy
Company making, sub-salt Officer Basin Project with ranked prospects
among the largest, undrilled seismically defined structures on-shore
Australia.
All hydrogen, helium and hydrocarbon, play elements are proven present
in the basin.
Direct hydrogen, helium and hydrocarbon measurements recorded in the
basin and on-block.1
Hydrogen and helium proven to the north in analogous Amadeus Basin
and to the south on the Yorke Peninsula.2
Low cost, low risk, near term exploration drilling, delivering potentially
huge returns for investors from the 3H strategy.
INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS
Project Overview
• PEL 81 & 253 cover ~20,000km2 of the Officer Basin in central
Australia (SA).
• The licenses are located 250km west of Coober Pedy and
350km northwest of Ceduna.
• Access is via the Stuart Hwy and the Anne Beadell Hwy from
Coober Pedy – the Anne Beadell Hwy runs through to ~10km
north of the top ranked Rickerscote prospect.
• Land access agreements are in place with the Maralinga-
Tjarutja people.
• The top ranked prospects are among the largest, undrilled,
seismically
defined
structures
on-shore
Australia,
with
massive prospective volumes for hydrogen, helium and
hydrocarbons.
• All hydrogen-helium-hydrocarbon play elements are present
and proved in the basin.
PROJECT SUMMARY
Location Map and Pindyin Sandstone depth structure map showing Rickerscote,
Milford and Milford East Prospects & planned 2025 2D seismic program. Comparison of
structure size relative to Giant North West Shelf Fields provided
Delivering White Hydrogen & Helium
• The estimated quantities of resources that may potentially be recovered by the application of a future development 
project(s) relate to undiscovered accumulations.  They are un-risked and have not been adjusted for either an associated 
chance of discovery or chance of development.  They are net after royalties and net to Whitebark (70%) and have been 
determined via probabilistic methods.
• Product prices based on US$500mscf for helium, and US$6.9kg hydrogen
Geologic fundamentals for white hydrogen and natural helium are
proven and present.
1.
Abiotic source rocks for both white hydrogen and natural helium are
present – significantly the uranium / thorium / iron rich, Hiltaba granite
(likely source for the Ramsay-1 and -2 discoveries ASX:GHY) outcrops
immediately adjacent to the licences.
2.
Thick (>100m), regionally extensive, salt seals critical for effective
long-term storage are present at multiple levels – white hydrogen and
helium gases are very small and highly diffusive, salt and other evaporite
minerals have outstanding sealing efficiency.
3.
Conventional sandstone reservoirs are present at multiple levels –
thick (>100m), high net-to-gross, high porosity and permeability.
4.
Late-stage
tectonic
uplift,
critical
to
exsolution
(advection)
processes for H2 & He release in the free-gas phase.
H2 and He are
confirmed present in the Officer Basin and in PEL-81 from FIS and DST.
The prospects hold significant prospectivity for white hydrogen and
natural helium, which in the event of success represent huge upside
volumes and value
WHITE HYDROGEN & HELIUM
Rickerscote Prospect 
Resources
Low (P90)
Mid (P50)
High (P10)
Hydrogen KG
67 Million
710 Million
4.1 Billion
Helium Bcf
17
97
499
Hydrocarbons to Support Energy 
Transition Demand
All play elements are proven present in the basin from 
well intercepts and outcrops 
Reservoirs
Conventional sandstones, 100’s m thick and exhibiting high 
porosity and permeability present.
Top-seals
Outstanding sealing efficiencies, especially the two thick salt 
layers present.
Source rocks  
At least 10 sampled and analysed mature biotic source rock 
intervals present. 
Very large fault & canyon bounded structures 
Up to 400km2 - Mapped on good quality 2D seismic data 
present.
Salt
Seal
Reservoir
Salt
Seal
Reservoir
Seal
Reservoir
Mulyawarra Sst.
H2 + He + Gas
Murnaroo Sst.
Oil
Rickerscote-1
Pindyin Sst.
2D Seismic Line over Rickerscote Prospect
The third limb of the project is to test the 3 reservoir/seal
intervals for prospective volumes of hydrocarbons
H2 + He + Gas
HYDROCARBONS
Rickerscote
Prospect 
Resources
Low (P90)
Mid (P50)
High (P10)
Hydrogen (kg)
47 Million
153 Million
500 Million
• The estimated quantities of resources that may potentially be recovered by the application of a future 
development project(s) relate to undiscovered accumulations.  They are un-risked and have not been 
adjusted for either an associated chance of discovery or chance of development.  They are net after 
royalties and net to Whitebark (70%) and have been determined via probabilistic methods.
Hydrogen Markets Taking Off!
White Hydrogen leading the way as hydrogen growth 
accelerates
Source Deloitte Global Green Hydrogen Outlook
Rystad Energy, The White Gold Rush and Pursuit of 
Natural Hydrogen:
“Although still in its infancy … white hydrogen has the potential to 
be a gamechanger for the clean hydrogen sector as an affordable, 
clean natural resource, thereby shifting the role of hydrogen from 
an energy carrier to part of the primary energy supply. 
McKinsey & Co., Global Energy Perspectives 2023:
“Clean hydrogen demand is projected to increase by between 125 
and 585 mtpa by 2050.”  “By 2050, clean hydrogen demand could 
easily account for between 73 – 100% of total hydrogen demand.”
Deloitte Global Green Hydrogen Outlook 2023:
“As support for clean hydrogen as a reliable, sustainable, energy 
source strengthens, the market is expected ….. To grow to >US$1.4 
trillion per year by 2050.
PWC The Green Hydrogen Economy:
“Hydrogen demand by 2050 could vary from 150 to 500 million 
metric tons per year, depending on global climate ambitions … “
HYDROGEN MARKET
Helium Demand Accelerating
Critical supply requirement for high-tech & high-growth 
Sectors
Helium Demand Growing Rapidly Year on Year 
Electronics
•
Fibre Optics
•
Computer Chips
•
LCD Panels
Aerospace/
Defence
•
Purging
•
Defence Systems
•
Welding
Science & 
Research
•
Microscopy
•
Quantum Computing
•
Nuclear Fusion
Medical
•
MRI Scanners
•
Assisted Breathing
•
Cryogenics
Industrial
•
Leak Detection
•
Controlled Atmosphere
HELIUM MARKET
•
Helium is in unprecedented short supply.
•
Demand from high-tech applications continues 
to grow.
•
Short supply has had a material upward impact 
on prices.
•
Average term pricing of US$500mcf increasing 
at CAGR of 20% over the last decade.
The demand for gas remains high across all Australian energy 
markets and is critical for the energy transition
Short supply and lack of new material projects means new material projects are essential, and high prices will  
continue
GAS MARKET
• The AEMO in its 2024 Gas Statement of Opportunities 
highlights:
•
That demand is forecast  to be at risk of exceeding 
supply from 2027;
•
To address supply gaps new sources of supply are 
required from 2026, and in the longer term 
substantial annual supply gas must be satisfied
•
Pipeline augmentations, plant expansions and field / 
basin expansions may need to be developed to 
address emerging supply requirements.
Indicative Project Schedule
The Forward Work Program
+6 Months
2D Seismic
+12 Months
+18 Months
Drilling
Soil Geochem
Acquire
Interpret
Acquire
Site Prep & 
Spud Well
Interpret
Final Well 
Design &  
Location
Contracts & Approvals
Contracts & Approvals
Approvals
PROJECT DELIVERY
WHITEBARK’S GEOTHERMAL EXPLORATION ASSETS
•
Geothermal exploration permits held by Whitebark represent a further opportunity 
to grow new energy solutions from clean green renewable geothermal energy. 
•
Geothermal energy provides multiple pathways for Power-to-X commercialisation, 
which could include green electricity to grid, hydrogen and ammonia (both for the 
fertiliser market internationally and as a hydrogen carrier using established 
international value chains).
•
High Geothermal Potential: Existing well data indicates significant geothermal 
activity and promising long-term dispatchable renewable energy production. 
•
Alignment with Government Initiatives: The project aligns with the Federal 
Government's recent A$11.2 billion hydrogen production incentives and Whitebark’s
hydrogen commercialization pathway study.
•
Internationally the use of geothermal resources for power production is growing as a 
renewable energy source.  Geothermal fluids are also being assessed and produced 
for extraction of lithium (and other minerals) given the right geological settings. 
•
By leveraging Whitebark’s existing assets with significant geothermal potential, 
management firmly believes the Company is in a unique position to capitalise on 
growing market demand for new clean renewable energy sources.  The evaluation of 
these assets will continue as a key focus for Whitebark.
WBE’s Southwest QLD EPG Application areas 
WESTERN AUSTRALIA – WARRO GAS FIELD
Perth Basin - Warro Gas Field (100% interest) represents a significant gas resource and merits ongoing evaluation.
The WA Government released its Fracture Stimulation Implementation Plan in July 2019 and allows onshore fracture
stimulation in Western Australia.  Companies are increasingly submitting applications to pursue fracture stimulation.
Deeper Permian reservoir opportunities potential in the Warro permit.  Permian resources have proven to be 
extensive across the Perth Basin as evidenced by drilling success and gas development projects by Strike Energy, 
Mineral Resources, Mitsui and Beach.  The extension of Permian reservoir into the Warro block, together with potential 
fracing of the existing discovery, could open up one of the largest gas resources onshore WA.  This will be evaluated 
further as a key focus area, and represents another opportunity to participate in the energy transition in WA.
Warro Sands Resources¹
GIIP
Low
Mid
High
Contingent
2.4
3.2
4.3
Prospective
2.0
4.1
7.3
Total
4.4
7.3
11.6
Un-risked Recoverable (Tcf)
Low
Mid
High
Contingent
1.3
1.5
1.8
Prospective
1.3
2.3
3.6
Total
2.6
3.8
5.4
Slide 6
Slide 6
Mark Lindh – Chairman
For further information:
Ph: +61 8 8232 8800
info@whitebarkenergy.com
This presentation has been approved for release by the Board of 
Whitebark Energy Limited
