KORAB RESOURCES LIMITED
KORAB HOUSE
www.korab.com.au
20 December 2024
Issued Capital
Issued Shares: 367 Mln SALE OF GEOLSEC MINERAL LEASE - UPDATE
Last Price: 0.8 cents
Capitalisation: $3 Mln Korab Resources Ltd (“Korab”, or “Company”) (ASX: KOR) and its subsidiaries (“Korab Group”) refer
to the ASX report titled “SALE OF GEOLSEC MINERAL LEASE ML27362” released on 19 August
2024 which advised that Korab and Geolsec Phosphate Operations Pty Ltd have executed Binding
Heads of Agreement (HoA) with an unrelated party, Leka II Shipping Limited (Leka) to sell to Leka all
Listing Code
Korab Group’s rights, title and interests in and to the Geolsec mineral lease ML27362 and all mining
ASX: KOR exploration information relating to the mineral lease ML27362 (the Assets) for a cash consideration of
$4.35 Million and a royalty of 10% of Net Smelter Returns on all minerals other than uranium and
thorium and a royalty of 1% of Net Smelter Returns on uranium and thorium (Transaction).
The Company wishes to advise that the settlement date of the Transaction has been extended by
Directors agreement between the parties to 31 March 2025 to allow additional time for Foreign Investment
Review Board to approve the Transaction.
Andrej K. Karpinski
Executive Chairman Mineral lease ML27362 is held by Geolsec Phosphate Operations Pty Ltd (wholly owned subsidiary of
Executive Director
Korab Resources Ltd) and is located some 60 km south of Port of Darwin in the Northern Territory of
Anthony G. Wills Australia.
Non-executive Director
(Independent) END OF REPORT
Alicja Karpinski
Non-executive Director This report has been authorised by Andrej K. Karpinski under the powers delegated by the Board.
INVESTOR RELATIONS CONTACT
Andrej K. Karpinski - Executive Chairman
Projects
Australia: (08) 9474 6166
Rum Jungle International: +61 8 9474 6166
(Pine Creek, NT)
Magnesium, Gold, Silver, Tin
Zinc, Lead, Nickel, Copper, ABOUT KORAB RESOURCES
Cobalt, Rare Earth Oxides,
Scandium, Lithium, Iron Ore Korab Resources Ltd is an international mining and exploration company with operations in Australia
Manganese, Uranium and Europe. Korab’s projects include Winchester Magnesium Deposit at Batchelor in the Northern
Phosphate
Territory of Australia, Geolsec phosphate lithium, and rare earth elements deposit also at Batchelor,
Mt. Elephant and projects in Australia and overseas where gold, silver, copper, cobalt, nickel, lithium, scandium,
(Ashburton, WA)
lead, zinc, tin, manganese, uranium and other elements have been discovered. More information about
Gold, Copper
Korab’s projects can be sourced from Korab’s website at www.korab.com.au. Korab’s shares are
Bobrikovo traded on Australian Securities Exchange (ASX).
(Luhansk, UKRAINE)
Gold, Silver, Zinc, Lead,
Antimony DISCLAIMER AND CAUTIONARY STATEMENT
Forward-looking statements are statements that are not historical facts. Words such as “expect(s)”,
“expected”, “feel(s)”, “believe(s)”, “will”, “may”, “anticipate(s)”, “should”, “envisage(s)” and similar
expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking information. This information includes, but is
not limited to statements regarding future exploration results, resources, or reserves, and production.
Anyone reading this report is cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking
statements. All of such statements are subject to risks and uncertainties (many of which are difficult to
predict and which generally are beyond the control of the Company) that could cause actual results to
differ materially from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information
and statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: those relating to the
interpretation of exploration results (including drill results), the geology, grade and continuity of mineral
20 PROWSE STREET, WEST PERTH, WA, 6005, AUSTRALIA
PO BOX 1958, WEST PERTH, WA, 6872, AUSTRALIA
TEL (08) 9474 6166 FAX (08) 9322 6333
ACN 082 140 252 PAGE 1

KORAB RESOURCES LIMITED
KORAB HOUSE
www.korab.com.au
deposits and conclusions of economic evaluations; risks relating to possible variations in reserves,
grade, mining dilution, ore loss, and recovery rates; risks relating to changes in project financial and
Issued Capital technical parameters; risks relating to the potential for delays in exploration programs, project
evaluation/review, completion of feasibility studies and project development; risks related to commodity
Issued Shares: 367 Mln
prices and foreign exchange rate fluctuations; risks related to failure to secure adequate financing on
Last Price: 0.8 cents
Capitalisation: $3 Mln a timely basis and on acceptable terms; risks related to delays in obtaining governmental, or other
permits and approvals; risks related to security of tenure; and other risks and uncertainties related to
the Company’s prospects, properties and business strategy. Any forward-looking information
contained in this report is provided as of the date of this report. Except as required under applicable
Listing Code
listing rules and securities laws, the Company does not intend, and does not assume any obligation,
ASX: KOR to update this forward-looking information.
Directors
Andrej K. Karpinski
Executive Chairman
Executive Director
Anthony G. Wills
Non-executive Director
(Independent)
Alicja Karpinski
Non-executive Director
Projects
Rum Jungle
(Pine Creek, NT)
Magnesium, Gold, Silver, Tin
Zinc, Lead, Nickel, Copper,
Cobalt, Rare Earth Oxides,
Scandium, Lithium, Iron Ore
Manganese, Uranium
Phosphate
Mt. Elephant
(Ashburton, WA)
Gold, Copper
Bobrikovo
(Luhansk, UKRAINE)
Gold, Silver, Zinc, Lead,
Antimony
20 PROWSE STREET, WEST PERTH, WA, 6005, AUSTRALIA
PO BOX 1958, WEST PERTH, WA, 6872, AUSTRALIA
TEL (08) 9474 6166 FAX (08) 9322 6333
ACN 082 140 252 PAGE 2

