ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
25 November 2024
BALKAN SECURES STRATEGIC SILVER, GOLD CLAIMS
– NEVADA, USA
Highlights
• Balkan Mining and Minerals has filed staking applications for 158 claims (~13 km2)
located in Nevada, USA, comprising of:
➢ 116 claims located in the Northern Maverick Springs Range, south Elko
County and north White Pine County, Nevada, USA, adjacent to Sun Silver
Ltd (ASX:SS1) Maverick Springs Project, which boasts a JORC Inferred
Resource of approximately 195.7 million tonnes at 67.25 g/t silver
equivalent, contained 423.2 million ounces AgEq1; and
➢ 42 claims located east of the Bellview Au-Ag-Pb Deposit2 approximately 10
kilometers north of Kinross Gold Corporation’s (NYSE:KGC) Bald Mountain
mine.
• Staking of this greenfield exploration opportunity follows the completion of a
thorough reconnaissance desktop review, with mapping and sampling programs to
be undertaken at the properties in the coming weeks.
• As recently highlighted, Baklan has received several new project opportunities and
continues to conduct high-level internal assessments on projects that fit the
Company’s objective across a variety of battery, critical and precious metal
sectors.
Balkan Mining and Minerals Ltd (ASX: BMM; “Balkan”, “BMM” or “the
Company”) is pleased to announce that it has filed staking applications for a new
package of land consisting of 158 claims in Nevada, USA which is potentially prospective
for silver and gold.
A total of 116 claims have been staked adjacent to Sun Silver Ltd’s (ASX:SS1) Maverick
Springs Project, which holds an inferred JORC resource of approximately 195.7 million
tonnes at 67.25 g/t silver equivalent, contained 423.2 million ounces AgEq1. These claims
are now designated as the “Bayan Springs North” Project.
1 Refer to Sun Silver Limited (ASX:SS1) ASX Announcement titled ‘Maverick Springs Resource Increased by 45% to
423Moz at 67.25g/t AgEq’ dated 28 August 2024.
2 The Diggings 2024. https://thediggings.com/mines/12815
1
Balkan Mining and Minerals Limited ABN 67 646 716 681
Level 2, 22 Mount Street, Perth WA 6000
T: +61 8 6188 8181 E:info@balkanmin.com www.balkanmin.com

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
25 November 2024
An additional 42 claims have been staked east of the Bellview Au-Ag-Pb Deposit located
approximately 10 kilometres north of Kinross’ Bald Mountain gold operation, which has
an estimated 3.7 million ounces in Measured and Indicated Resources (as of December
31, 2023)3. These claims are now designated as the “Bayan Springs South” Project.
Figure 1: Bayan Springs North and South consisting of recently staked 158 claims and their proximity to Sun Silver and
Kinross Gold Corp.
3 Kinross Gold Corporation (NYSE:KGC) 2023 Annual Mineral Reserve and Resource Statement.
Kinross’ mineral reserve and mineral resource estimates as at December 31, 2023 were classified in accordance with the
Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum (“CIM”) “CIM Definition Standards - For Mineral Resources and
Mineral Reserves” adopted by the CIM Council (as amended, the “CIM Definition Standards”) in accordance with the
requirements of National Instrument 43-101 “Standards of Disclosure for Mineral Projects” (“NI 43-101”). Mineral reserve
and mineral resource estimates reflect Kinross’ reasonable expectation that all necessary permits and approvals will be
obtained and maintained.
2
Balkan Mining and Minerals Limited ABN 67 646 716 681
Level 2, 22 Mount Street, Perth WA 6000
T: +61 8 6188 8181 E:info@balkanmin.com www.balkanmin.com

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
25 November 2024
Executive Director Fadi Diab, commented:
"The Bayan Springs North and South Projects represents a growth opportunity for
Balkan, located in the heart of Nevada, one of the world’s premier mining jurisdictions.
The staking of these highly strategic claims represents the culmination of extensive
review of potential business development opportunities in North America. This aligns with
our growth strategy, leveraging high-prospect areas with proven infrastructure to
enhance value for our shareholders through targeted exploration and development.
We look forward to updating the market on our progress with reconnaissance mapping
and sampling on these projects in the near term.”
Bayan Springs North
The Project is located in the Northern Maverick Springs Range, south Elko County and
north White Pine County, Nevada, USA. It is located approximately 85 km south of Elko
and 105 km to the north-northwest of Ely. The Project area is accessible by paved
Lamoille Highway and Harrison Pass Road to Ruby Valley from where is accessible by a
well-maintained gravel road.
The Project area consists of rolling hills and low mountains, with elevations ranging from
2,000 to 2,400 meters above sea level. The average temperature in the winter months
is around 4°C, while the average summer temperature tends to be around 33°C.
Precipitation is sparse, with only about 150 mm of rain or snow falling annually.
The primary hosts for silver and gold mineralisation are the silty limestone and fine-
grained calcareous clastic sediments of the Rib Hill Formation. These formations are
exposed over a remarkable 40 km stretched zone, striking north-northwesterly.
Felsic to intermediate intrusive centres outcropping south and north of the project area
is interpreted to have acted as feeder systems for Tertiary volcanic flows, potentially
influencing the migration of mineralising fluids into surrounding favourable host
environment.
Regionally, the Project area lies within the tectonically active Great Basin province and
in proximity to the Carlin Trend, a significant structural feature that demarcates a deep-
seated fault. This fault line separates thicker, stable continental crust to the east from a
zone of thinned, transitional crust to the west, providing structural conduits favourable
for migration, concentration and deposition of gold and silver mineralisation. Historical
exploration in this geologic setting reveals structural trends and faulting that may play a
role in localising mineralisation within the Project area.
Locally, the Project area lies within a geologically diverse region dominated by carbonate
formations that record a history of continental margin sedimentation. These include
limestones and dolostones of the Permian-Pennsylvanian Rib Hill Formation, limestones
3
Balkan Mining and Minerals Limited ABN 67 646 716 681
Level 2, 22 Mount Street, Perth WA 6000
T: +61 8 6188 8181 E:info@balkanmin.com www.balkanmin.com

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
25 November 2024
of the Permian Pequop Formation, and carbonate strata of the Permian Park City Group.
Locally, these sedimentary units have been intruded by Cretaceous and Eocene acidic to
intermediate, biotitic igneous rocks, and subsequently overlain by Tertiary volcanic
deposits, including rhyolites and Late Tertiary tuffs.
This region’s combination of carbonate-rich sedimentary units and structural complexity
makes it permissive for sediment-hosted gold and silver mineralisation. Carbonate rocks,
especially in proximity to intrusive bodies, often provide chemically reactive settings
conducive to metal deposition. The presence of deep-seated faults and proximity to the
Carlin Trend, also facilitates the movement of mineralising fluids through these
permeable carbonate units, increasing the likelihood of significant mineral accumulation.
Collectively, these geological factors create a favourable environment for discovering
substantial sediment-hosted precious metal deposits.
Figure 2: Bayan Springs North 116 claims and its proximity to Sun Silver Ltd (ASX:SS1).
4
Balkan Mining and Minerals Limited ABN 67 646 716 681
Level 2, 22 Mount Street, Perth WA 6000
T: +61 8 6188 8181 E:info@balkanmin.com www.balkanmin.com

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
25 November 2024
Bayan Springs South
The Project is situated on the southern slopes of the Ruby Mountains in northwest White
Pine County, Nevada, USA, approximately 85 km south of Elko and 110 km northwest of
Ely. The project area is accessible via the paved Lamoille Highway and Harrison Pass
Road leading to Jiggs, with a well-maintained gravel road providing direct access to the
site.
Topographically, the Project area comprises low to moderate mountains with elevations
between 2,100 and 2,700 meters above sea level. Winter temperatures average -3°C,
while summer temperatures reach an average of 30°C. Annual precipitation is minimal,
totalling approximately 260 mm.
Geologically, the Project is located within southern extension of the prolific Carlin trend.
The broader project area is characterised by a conformable sequence of Cambrian
limestones, dolomites, shales, quartzites, siltstones, and altered jasperoids, which
generally dip to the SSE. These sedimentary rocks have been intruded by a Jurassic
quartz-monzonite stock and associated felsic dykes. Significant pre- and post-mineral
faulting has resulted in a complex structural framework influenced by intersecting NW-
and NNE-trending crustal fractures.
The Project is adjacent to the Bellview Polymetallic Au-Ag-Pb Veins Deposit4, where
mineralisation is closely associated with jasperoid alteration.
Figure 3: Bayan Springs North 42 claims and its proximity to Kinros Gold Corp.
4 The Diggings 2024. https://thediggings.com/mines/12815
5
Balkan Mining and Minerals Limited ABN 67 646 716 681
Level 2, 22 Mount Street, Perth WA 6000
T: +61 8 6188 8181 E:info@balkanmin.com www.balkanmin.com

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
25 November 2024
Project Potential and Strategic Advantage
Balkan's newly staked claims are strategically positioned within a highly prospective
region that hosts a number of silver and gold deposits. The claims are immediately along
strike from Sun Silver's (ASX:SS1) Maverick Springs Project and in proximity to Kinross'
(NYSE:KGC) Bald Mountain Mine, located on the renowned Carlin Trend—a prolific
mineral belt in Nevada with a history of gold discoveries.
Nevada provides exceptional infrastructure and a mining-friendly environment for project
development. The state boasts a network of highways that ensures reliable access to
remote areas, facilitating the efficient transport of equipment, supplies, and personnel
to project sites. Key mining regions in Nevada are near established towns like Elko,
offering access to skilled labor, mining support services, and additional resources
essential for operational efficiency.
Energy infrastructure is robust, with many mining operations connected to the electrical
grid, allowing for stable power supply, and, in some cases, access to renewable energy
options. Water resources, while competitive, are accessible in many regions and essential
for ongoing project operations. Nevada's streamlined permitting process and local
government support further reinforce its status as one of the most favourable
jurisdictions for mining exploration and development in the United States.
These factors, along with ongoing local exploration success and the continuation of
favourable geological settings into Balkan's secured land position, highlight the potential
of the Bayan Spring North and South projects. Together, they present a compelling
opportunity for resource expansion and the potential discovery of additional mineralised
systems in a region with a history of gold and silver discoveries.
6
Balkan Mining and Minerals Limited ABN 67 646 716 681
Level 2, 22 Mount Street, Perth WA 6000
T: +61 8 6188 8181 E:info@balkanmin.com www.balkanmin.com

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
25 November 2024
Figure 4: BMM Exploration Manager during Bayan Springs Projects site visit in Nevada.
7
Balkan Mining and Minerals Limited ABN 67 646 716 681
Level 2, 22 Mount Street, Perth WA 6000
T: +61 8 6188 8181 E:info@balkanmin.com www.balkanmin.com

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
25 November 2024
Figure 5: Photos taken during Bayan Springs Projects site visit in Nevada.
8
Balkan Mining and Minerals Limited ABN 67 646 716 681
Level 2, 22 Mount Street, Perth WA 6000
T: +61 8 6188 8181 E:info@balkanmin.com www.balkanmin.com

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
25 November 2024
Following an initial site visit by our exploration team, which offered valuable insights into
the area’s geological potential, the Company is fully committed to advancing its
objectives, with a clear path forward that includes a completiotion of comprehensive
desktop data review and the design of a targeted field program.
Near-Term Exploration Priorities
The Company is dedicated to advancing its growth objectives through a strategic and
results-driven exploration plan. With the successful registration of its claims, the
Company will conduct a detailed Project review. This will include comprehensive data
analysis and the design of an initial reconnaissance mapping and sampling program,
scheduled to begin in the coming weeks.
For further information, please contact:
Fadi Diab
Executive Director
Tel: +61 8 6188 8181
E: Fadi.Diab@balkanmin.com
Authorised for release by the Board of Balkan Mining and Minerals Limited
-ENDS-
Competent Persons Statement
The information that relates to Exploration Targets or Exploration Results is based on information compiled by Mr
Dejan Jovanovic, a Competent Person who is a Member of the European Federation of Geologists (EurGeol). The
European Federation of Geologists is a Joint Ore Reserves Committee (JORC) Code 'Recognised Professional
Organisation' (RPO). An RPO is an accredited organisation to which the Competent Person under JORC Code
Reporting Standards must belong to report Exploration Results, Mineral Resources, or Ore Reserves through the
ASX. Mr Jovanovic is the General Manager of Exploration and is a part-time consultant of the Company. Mr
Jovanovic has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under
consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition
of the JORC 'Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves' (the
JORC Code 2012).
The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information
included in the original market announcements.
The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Persons’ findings are presented have
not been materially modified from the original market announcements.
9
Balkan Mining and Minerals Limited ABN 67 646 716 681
Level 2, 22 Mount Street, Perth WA 6000
T: +61 8 6188 8181 E:info@balkanmin.com www.balkanmin.com

TABLE:
Tel: +61 8 6188 8181
E: Fadi.Diab@balkanmin.com

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
25 November 2024
Forward-looking Statements
Certain statements included in this release constitute forward-looking information. Statements regarding BMM’s
plans concerning its mineral properties and programs are forward-looking statements. There can be no assurance
that BMM’s strategies for developing its mineral properties will proceed as expected. There can also be no assurance
that BMM can confirm the presence of additional mineral resources, that any mineralisation will prove to be
economic or that a mine will successfully be developed on any of BMM’s mineral properties. The performance of
BMM may be influenced by several factors outside the control of the Company and its Directors, staff, and
contractors.
These statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding future production, resources or reserves
and exploration results. All such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, many of which are
difficult to predict and generally beyond the Company's control, which could cause actual results to differ materially
from those expressed in, or implied or projected by, the forward-looking information and statements. These risks
and uncertainties include, but are not limited to: (i) those relating to the interpretation of exploration sample,
mapping and drill results, the geology, grade and continuity of mineral deposits and conclusions of economic
evaluations, (ii) risks relating to possible variations in reserves and resources, grade, planned mining dilution and
ore loss, or recovery rates and changes in project parameters as plans continue to be refined, (iii) the potential
for delays in exploration or development activities or the completion of feasibility studies, (iv) risks related to
commodity price and foreign exchange rate fluctuations, (v) risks related to failure to obtain adequate financing
on a timely basis and on acceptable terms or delays in obtaining governmental approvals or in the completion of
development or construction activities, and (vi) other risks and uncertainties related to the company’s prospects,
properties and business strategy.
The Company confirms that is it not currently aware of any environmental restrictions or requirements that would
impede the continuation of planned exploration and evaluation activities.
Except for statutory liability, which cannot be excluded, each of BMM, its officers, employees, and advisors
expressly disclaim any responsibility for the accuracy or completeness of the material contained in these forward-
looking statements and excludes all liability whatsoever (including in negligence) for any loss or damage which
any person may suffer as a consequence of any information in forward-looking statements or any error or omission.
BMM undertakes no obligation to update publicly or release any revisions to these forward-looking statements to
reflect events or circumstances after today's date or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events other than
required by the Corporations Act and ASX Listing Rules. Accordingly, you should not place undue reliance on any
forward-looking statement.
Proximate statements
This announcement contains references to mineral exploration results derived by other parties either nearby or
proximate to the Bayan Springs North and South Projects and includes references to topographical or geological
similarities to that of the Bayan Springs North and South Projects. It is important to note that such discoveries or
geological similarities do not in any way guarantee that the Company will have similar exploration successes on
the Bayan Springs North and South Projects, if at all.
10
Balkan Mining and Minerals Limited ABN 67 646 716 681
Level 2, 22 Mount Street, Perth WA 6000
T: +61 8 6188 8181 E:info@balkanmin.com www.balkanmin.com

