ASX Announcement & Media Release   |   ASX: KAL   |   17 July 2024 
Newly granted tenement provides over 
20km of continuous tenure south of 
Pinjin 
 
 
Kalgoorlie Gold Mining Limited   |   ACN 645 666 164 
Suite 2, 1209 Hay St, West Perth WA 6005, Australia 
T: +61 (0)8 6002 2700   |   E: info@kalgoldmining.com.au   |   www.kalgoldmining.com.au 
Kalgoorlie Gold Mining (ASX:KAL), KalGold’ or 
‘the Company’), is pleased to announce the grant 
of a new under explored and highly prospective 
Exploration Licence (E 31/1347) at Pinjin from the 
WA Department of Energy, Mines, Industry 
Regulation and Safety (DEMIRS).  
The grant of this tenement furthers KalGold’s aim 
to maximise the Company’s footprint in the Pinjin 
area and provides continuity of tenure, linking its 
Wessex and Harbour Lights prospects in the 
north, through to the Kirgella Gift and Providence 
prospects to the south.  
The new tenement is host to the strike 
continuation of the strata that host gold 
mineralisation at Kirgella Gift and Providence, 
where the Company’s first JORC Code (2012) 
Mineral Resource Estimate at Pinjin is imminent. 
For thoughts on the grant of E 31/1347, see MD 
and CEO Matt Painter’s video on KalGold’s 
Investor Hub at:  
investorhub.kalgoldmining.com.au/link/peg9RP. 
KalGold Managing Director Matt Painter 
commented:  
“With the grant of E 31/1347, KalGold now 
controls 21.3 km of contiguous tenure to the 
south of the Pinjin Goldfield, between 
Hawthorn Resources (ASX: HAW) Anglo 
Saxon Gold Mine, and Ramelius Resources’ 
(ASX: RMS) Rebecca Gold Project to the 
south. 
In relatively unexplored portions of major 
gold-mineralising structures like the Laverton 
Tectonic Zone, it is important for KalGold to 
maximise its ground coverage so as many 
opportunities as possible can be realised. 
KalGold 
effectively 
has 
a 
first-mover 
 
Figure 1 – E 31/1347 at Pinjin provides tenure continuity south 
of the Pinjin Goldfield. Gold prospects and deposits shown. 
Projection MGA 94 Zone 51. 
 
Page  2 
New tenure granted at Pinjin 
advantage over the southern Pinjin area, with the aim of discovering new gold deposits in one of 
the major, crustal-scale gold mineralising structures of the Eastern Goldfields of Western Australia. 
E 31/1347 adds to KalGold’s advantage. 
We also look forward to the grant of two additional new applications in and around the Pinjin 
Goldfield as we continue to systematically explore the full potential of the Pinjin Project.” 
E 31/1347 contains several key mineralised trends of interest. From the north, the new tenement covers 
additional strike extent of the Harbour Lights trend, located off the southern end of the Pinjin Goldfield. To 
the south, neighbouring explorers have defined extensive gold mineralisation and anomalism at the T3 
prospect, with geophysical anomalies from T3 extending north across the tenement boundary onto E 
31/1347. The T3 North target has not previously been drill-tested (Figure 1). 
There has been very little effective historic exploration over the Pinjin South area outside of localised focus 
on Kirgella Gift and the T12 prospect. Recently, the Company detailed a number of gold mineralisation 
targets which are being assessed for KalGold’s upcoming aircore drill programs (ASX Announcement, 10 
July 2024). Outside of these currently defined targets, work continues on defining, assessing and ranking 
additional targets across the Company’s Pinjin Project area. Given the historic lack of detailed work and 
understanding of the area, an increased footprint greatly enhances KalGold’s likelihood of discovery and 
strengthens the company’s strategic ground holding. 
The Company will commence testing some of these gold targets when the next aircore drill program 
commences in coming weeks. We look forward to updating shareholders as results come to hand. 
 
 
Authorised for lodgement by the Board of Kalgoorlie Gold Mining Limited.  
For further information regarding KalGold, please visit www.kalgoldmining.com.au or contact: 
Matt Painter  
 
 
 
 
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer  
Tel +61 8 6002 2700  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page  3 
New tenure granted at Pinjin 
About KalGold  
ASX-listed resources company Kalgoorlie Gold Mining (KalGold, ASX: KAL) is a proven, low-cost gold 
discoverer with a large portfolio of West Australian projects, focussed on: 
• 
The Bulong Taurus Project, 35km east of Kalgoorlie-Boulder, contains the outcropping 
La Mascotte gold deposit as well as a series of satellite prospects and historic workings 
of the Taurus Goldfield. Importantly, KalGold’s methods resulted in the definition  
of a JORC resource estimate (3.61 Mt @ 1.19 g/t Au for 138,000 oz1) that is  
one of the most inexpensive in recent times (A$4.60 per ounce of gold).  
Exploration work continues at the project. 
• 
The Pinjin Project within the 30Moz Laverton Tectonic  
Zone (host to Sunrise Dam, Granny Smith, Rebecca,  
Anglo Saxon, and Wallaby projects) is located only  
25km north along strike from Ramelius Resources  
(ASX: RMS) Rebecca Gold Project. With historic  
work identifying open gold mineralisation from shallow  
levels, immediate work is focused on testing mineralisation  
continuity. At Kirgella and Pinjin South, tenure is the subject  
of a farm-in over the next two years to expand upon known  
gold mineralisation. Between this tenure and KalGold’s existing  
tenure and applications, the Company has established a  
significant presence in a strategic and important region. 
• 
Other projects are the focus of early-stage exploration programs. Gold anomalism and 
recent discoveries are driving efforts at Perrinvale and Zelica. Additionally, lithium 
potential is being tested at the Pianto and Pinjin projects. 
 
Follow KalGold on social media.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
1 See KalGold ASX release, “La Mascotte gold deposit: First JORC (2012) Mineral Resource of 138,000 oz Au”. 7 March 2023 
for full Mineral Resource estimate details. In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 5.23, the Company is not aware of any new 
information or data that materially affects the information included in this release, and the Company confirms that, to the best of 
its knowledge, all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in these releases continue to apply 
and have not materially changed. 
 
Page  4 
New tenure granted at Pinjin 
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
This news release contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable 
Australian securities laws, which are based on expectations, estimates and projections as of the date of this news release.  
This forward-looking information includes, or may be based upon, without limitation, estimates, forecasts and statements as to 
management’s expectations with respect to, among other things, the timing and amount of funding required to execute the 
Company’s exploration, development and business plans, capital and exploration expenditures, the effect on the Company of any 
changes to existing legislation or policy, government regulation of mining operations, the length of time required to obtain permits, 
certifications and approvals, the success of exploration, development and mining activities, the geology of the Company’s 
properties, environmental risks, the availability and mobility of labour, the focus of the Company in the future, demand and market 
outlook for precious metals and the prices thereof, progress in development of mineral properties, the Company’s ability to raise 
funding privately or on a public market in the future, the Company’s future growth, results of operations, restrictions caused by 
COVID-19, performance, and business prospects and opportunities. Wherever possible, words such as “anticipate”, “believe”, 
“expect”, “intend”, “may” and similar expressions have been used to identify such forward-looking information. Forward-looking 
information is based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the information is given, and on information 
available to management at such time. 
Forward-looking information involves significant risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that could cause actual results, 
performance, or achievements to differ materially from the results discussed or implied in the forward-looking information.  These 
factors, including, but not limited to, fluctuations in currency markets, fluctuations in commodity prices, the ability of the Company 
to access sufficient capital on favourable terms or at all, changes in national and local government legislation, taxation, controls, 
regulations, political or economic developments in Australia or other countries in which the Company does business or may carry 
on business in the future, operational or technical difficulties in connection with exploration or development activities, employee 
relations, the speculative nature of mineral exploration and development, obtaining necessary licenses and permits, diminishing 
quantities and grades of mineral reserves, contests over title to properties, especially title to undeveloped properties, the inherent 
risks involved in the exploration and development of mineral properties, the uncertainties involved in interpreting drill results and 
other geological data, environmental hazards, industrial accidents, unusual or unexpected formations, pressures, cave-ins and 
flooding, limitations of insurance coverage and the possibility of project cost overruns or unanticipated costs and expenses, and 
should be considered carefully.  Many of these uncertainties and contingencies can affect the Company’s actual results and could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf 
of, the Company. Prospective investors should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking information.  
Although the forward-looking information contained in this news release is based upon what management believes, or believed 
at the time, to be reasonable assumptions, the Company cannot assure prospective purchasers that actual results will be 
consistent with such forward-looking information, as there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, 
estimated or intended, and neither the Company nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness 
of any such forward-looking information.  The Company does not undertake, and assumes no obligation, to update or revise any 
such forward-looking statements or forward-looking information contained herein to reflect new events or circumstances, except 
as may be required by law. 
No stock exchange, regulation services provider, securities commission or other regulatory authority has approved or disapproved 
the information contained in this news release. 
COMPETENT PERSON STATEMENT 
The information in this report that relates to Exploration Targets, Exploration Results, Mineral Resources or Ore Reserves is based 
on information compiled by Dr Matthew Painter, a Competent Person who is a Member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists. 
Dr Painter is the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Kalgoorlie Gold Mining Limited (KalGold) and has sufficient 
experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity being 
undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration 
Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. Dr Painter consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his 
information in the form and context in which it appears. Dr Painter holds securities in Kalgoorlie Gold Mining Limited. 
 
