ASX Announcement & Media Release   |   ASX: KAL   |   6 December 2024 
New tenement acquisition secures 
strategic continuity at Pinjin as 
fourth aircore program wraps up 
 
Kalgoorlie Gold Mining Limited   |   ACN 645 666 164 
Suite 2, 1209 Hay St, West Perth WA 6005, Australia 
T: +61 (0)8 6002 2700   |   E: info@kalgoldmining.com.au   |   www.kalgoldmining.com.au 
 
 
Highlights: 
• 
New tenement (E 31/1262) acquired from Solstice Minerals 
Limited (ASX: SLS) 
o Located immediately west of KalGold’s Wessex prospect and 
Hawthorn Resources’ (ASX: HAW) Anglo Saxon gold mine. 
o Acquisition provides tenure continuity through the Pinjin Gold 
Project, linking ground south of the Pinjin Goldfield (containing 
Wessex, Kirgella Gift–Providence, and all aircore targets tested 
to date) to the Jungle Dam tenement to the west (E 31/1119). 
o Consideration of A$70,000 KalGold shares to be issued to SLS, 
+ 1% net smelter royalty (NSR) on any future production 
• 
KalGold’s fourth aircore drill program in the Pinjin area, focused at 
Kirgella East, was completed last week. 
• 
Aircore drilling assay results from the previous program, at Kirgella 
West, are expected imminently. 
 
Kalgoorlie Gold Mining (ASX: KAL) (‘KalGold’ or ‘the Company’), is 
very pleased to announce the acquisition of a new tenement at the 
Pinjin Gold Project, located 140 km northeast of Kalgoorlie-Boulder. 
The acquisition provides continuity between the main western and 
eastern tenement groups and incorporates highly prospective ground 
within and adjacent to the Laverton Tectonic Zone (LTZ). 
Commenting on the acquisition, KalGold Managing Director Matt 
Painter said:  
“The acquisition of E 31/1262 further illustrates KalGold’s 
commitment to gold discovery at Pinjin. The tenement is 
immediately adjacent to Hawthorn Resources’ Anglo Saxon 
mining leases and covers a broad area of sheared stratigraphy 
that has seen very little historic exploration focus.  
KalGold’s initial high-level assessment has highlighted several 
prospective gold targets under cover that will, following additional 
in depth analysis, be systematically followed up.  
With the transaction involving the issue of KalGold shares (and a 
1% NSR), we welcome Solstice Minerals Limited to our register.  
 
Figure 1 – The location of newly acquired 
E31/1262 and the Pinjin Gold Project on 
the Laverton and Celia Tectonic Zones
(Projection: MGA 94 Zone 51).. 
 
Page  2 
New tenement acquired at Pinjin  
 
Figure 2 – KalGold’s tenement package at Pinjin, with the new E 31/1262 outlined in red dashed lines. The map shows GSWA 
interpreted bedrock geology comprising the Galvalley Monzogranite in the west (pink) through a sequence dominated by 
sedimentary and volcanic rocks (Projection: MGA 94 Zone 51). 
Acquisition of E31/1262 
Pinjin Gold Project tenement position 
With the addition of E 31/1262, measuring 70.2 km2, KalGold’s Pinjin Gold Project has expanded to include 
16 tenements for around 360 km2. Nine tenements (including two small applications) for a total area of 
321 km2 are 100% controlled by KalGold. The remaining 7 tenements for 39 km2 are part of the Pinjin 
farm-in agreement (ASX: KAL 23 May 2023), which the Company is aiming to execute in the first half of 
2025. 
GALVALLEY 
MONZOGRANITE 
E 31/1119 
 
Page  3 
New tenement acquired at Pinjin  
The acquisition further strengthens our tenement footprint, and provides a first mover opportunity to 
investigate new scientific ideas relating to gold mineralisation. An initial high level review of publicly 
available government datasets indicates that very little historic exploration work has been previously 
conducted, with only minimal prior scout aircore and RAB drilling documented. KalGold will fully interrogate 
all historic exploration activity throughout the tenement, collating and digitising all available data. 
E31/1262 is predominantly covered by transported material with very limited outcrop. Geological Survey 
of Western Australia (GSWA) interpreted bedrock geology shows the margin of the Galvalley 
Monzogranite in the west abutting a thick, sheared sequence dominated by volcanic and sedimentary 
rocks (Figure 2). 
Current geological understanding suggests E 31/1262 overlies portions of both the Laverton and Celia 
Tectonic Zones (Figure 1), and the ground between them. Both features are crustal-scale, gold 
mineralising structures. However, considering the apparent paucity of historic exploration over the 
tenement area and lack of outcrop, we expect the definition of these features to change as our 
understanding increases. 
In addition to exploration for the shear-hosted style of gold mineralisation ubiquitous to the LTZ, the 
Company recognises new scientific advances that have identified early-stage gold mineralisation related 
to granite uplift1. Early gold mineralisation of this type is documented at the Gwalia, Tower Hill and Harbour 
Lights deposits at Leonora, and the Waroonga deposit at Agnew. The Company sees similar potential on 
E 31/1262 (and E 31/1119) peripheral to the Galvalley Monzogranite. 
E 31/1262 transaction 
KalGold has acquired 100% of E 31/1262 from Solstice Minerals Limited in exchange for 2.8 million KAL 
shares valued at A$70,000, based on the 5-day VWAP of 2.5c up to 2 December 2024. The shares are 
subject to a 3 month escrow period. Solstice also holds a 1% NSR over any future gold production. 
Drilling completed at Kirgella East 
Aircore drilling at Kirgella East represented the fourth aircore drilling program completed at Pinjin this year. 
The program was completed last week without incident, with the drill rig and field crew have now 
demobilised back to Kalgoorlie. All samples have been submitted to the laboratory for assay. 
The Kirgella East target area is centred 1.2 km northeast of KalGold’s Kirgella Gift and Providence 
deposits, where the Company previously defined a JORC Code (2012) Inferred Mineral Resource of 2.34 
Mt @ 1.0 g/t Au for 76,400 oz (ASX: KAL 25 July 2024). 
A total of 60 holes for 1,966 m (average depth: 33 m) were completed at Kirgella East on a nominal 
320x80 m grid pattern. Total metres were less than expected due to shallow transported cover. This 
allowed the Company to remain within budget and revisit Kirgella West to complete an additional 5 holes 
for 319 m (average depth: 64 m). The additional holes at Kirgella West are located in the northeast corner 
of the target area, filling a gap between two of the longer lines in this area. The Company anticipates that 
the additional drilling at Kirgella West will help resolve and refine the Kirgella West target.  
Assay results from the recently completed aircore program at Kirgella East are expected late 
January or early February 2025. KalGold notes that this is an early estimate that is subject to change. 
 
 
1 Jones, S.A., 2024, 2730-2670 Ma rifting triggers sagduction prior to the onset of orogenesis at ca 2650 Ma: implications for gold mineralisation, Eastern Goldfields, 
Western Australia. Australian Journal of Earth Sciences vol.71, no.5, pp.647-672. https://doi.org/10.1080/08120099.2024.2337773  
 
Page  4 
New tenement acquired at Pinjin  
Results from the third aircore program at Kirgella West 
Assay results from aircore drilling completed in October 2024 have started to be received from the 
laboratory. All remaining results are expected imminently. Upon receipt of all final assays the Company 
will process, integrate, and interpret the data before prompt release of the results. 
 
Figure 3 – Collars for the fourth aircore program at Kirgella East and their location relative to the Kirgella Gift and Providence 
deposits and the third aircore program at Kirgella West (results pending). This includes an additional 5 collars at Kirgella 
West to augment forthcoming results. The faded base layer shown is a composite image of several magnetic data layers 
which provides an indication of geology and structure beneath transported cover (Projection: MGA 94 Zone 51).  
 
This announcement is authorised for release by the Board of Kalgoorlie Gold Mining. 
For further information regarding KalGold, please visit kalgoldmining.com.au or contact: 
Matt Painter  
Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer  
Tel +61 8 6002 2700  
 
Follow KalGold on social media.  
 
   
 
 
 
Page  5 
New tenement acquired at Pinjin  
About KalGold  
ASX-listed resources company Kalgoorlie Gold Mining (KalGold, ASX: KAL) is a proven, low-cost gold 
discoverer with a large portfolio of West Australian projects and a total gold resource in excess of 
214,000 oz. KalGold prides itself on defining shallow, potentially open-pittable gold resources at very 
low costs, currently less than A$4.60 per ounce of gold2. Current focus includes: 
• 
The Pinjin Project within the 30Moz Laverton Tectonic Zone (host to  
Sunrise Dam, Granny Smith, Rebecca, Anglo Saxon, and Wallaby  
projects) is located only 25 km north along strike from Ramelius  
Resources (ASX: RMS) Rebecca Gold Project. A first  
JORC Code (2012) Inferred Mineral Resource at Kirgella Gift  
and Providence (2.34 Mt @ 1.0 g/t Au for 76,400 oz2)  
represents the first area targeted by the Company, with  
many more targets scheduled for testing. The company  
aims to define further resources as these targets are  
tested. Some tenure is the subject of a farm-in over two  
years. Between this tenure and KalGold’s own tenure and  
applications, the Company has established a significant  
presence in a strategic and important gold producing region. 
• 
The Bulong Taurus Project, 35 km east of Kalgoorlie- 
Boulder. Contains the outcropping La Mascotte gold  
deposit where KalGold has defined a JORC Code (2012) Inferred Mineral Resource of 
3.61 Mt @ 1.19 g/t Au for 138,000 oz3, plus a series of satellite prospects and historic 
workings of the Taurus Goldfield. Work continues at the project 
 
 
 
 
 
2 See KalGold ASX release, “First Kirgella Gift Inferred Resource of 76,400oz from 3m”. 25 July 2024. 
3 See KalGold ASX release, “La Mascotte gold deposit: First JORC (2012) Mineral Resource of 138,000 oz Au”. 7 March 2023. 
 
Page  6 
New tenement acquired at Pinjin  
CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
This news release contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable 
Australian securities laws, which are based on expectations, estimates and projections as of the date of this news release.  
This forward-looking information includes, or may be based upon, without limitation, estimates, forecasts and statements as to 
management’s expectations with respect to, among other things, the timing and amount of funding required to execute the 
Company’s exploration, development and business plans, capital and exploration expenditures, the effect on the Company of any 
changes to existing legislation or policy, government regulation of mining operations, the length of time required to obtain permits, 
certifications and approvals, the success of exploration, development and mining activities, the geology of the Company’s 
properties, environmental risks, the availability and mobility of labour, the focus of the Company in the future, demand and market 
outlook for precious metals and the prices thereof, progress in development of mineral properties, the Company’s ability to raise 
funding privately or on a public market in the future, the Company’s future growth, results of operations, restrictions caused by 
COVID-19, performance, and business prospects and opportunities. Wherever possible, words such as “anticipate”, “believe”, 
“expect”, “intend”, “may” and similar expressions have been used to identify such forward-looking information. Forward-looking 
information is based on the opinions and estimates of management at the date the information is given, and on information 
available to management at such time. 
Forward-looking information involves significant risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors that could cause actual results, 
performance, or achievements to differ materially from the results discussed or implied in the forward-looking information.  These 
factors, including, but not limited to, fluctuations in currency markets, fluctuations in commodity prices, the ability of the Company 
to access sufficient capital on favourable terms or at all, changes in national and local government legislation, taxation, controls, 
regulations, political or economic developments in Australia or other countries in which the Company does business or may carry 
on business in the future, operational or technical difficulties in connection with exploration or development activities, employee 
relations, the speculative nature of mineral exploration and development, obtaining necessary licenses and permits, diminishing 
quantities and grades of mineral reserves, contests over title to properties, especially title to undeveloped properties, the inherent 
risks involved in the exploration and development of mineral properties, the uncertainties involved in interpreting drill results and 
other geological data, environmental hazards, industrial accidents, unusual or unexpected formations, pressures, cave-ins and 
flooding, limitations of insurance coverage and the possibility of project cost overruns or unanticipated costs and expenses, and 
should be considered carefully. Many of these uncertainties and contingencies can affect the Company’s actual results and could 
cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statements made by, or on behalf 
of, the Company. Prospective investors should not place undue reliance on any forward-looking information.  
Although the forward-looking information contained in this news release is based upon what management believes, or believed 
at the time, to be reasonable assumptions, the Company cannot assure prospective purchasers that actual results will be 
consistent with such forward-looking information, as there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, 
estimated or intended, and neither the Company nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness 
of any such forward-looking information.  The Company does not undertake, and assumes no obligation, to update or revise any 
such forward-looking statements or forward-looking information contained herein to reflect new events or circumstances, except 
as may be required by law. 
No stock exchange, regulation services provider, securities commission or other regulatory authority has approved or disapproved 
the information contained in this news release. 
COMPETENT PERSON STATEMENT 
The information in this report that relates to Exploration Targets, Exploration Results, Mineral Resources or Ore Reserves is based 
on information compiled by Dr Matthew Painter, a Competent Person who is a Member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists. 
Dr Painter is the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer of Kalgoorlie Gold Mining Limited (KalGold) and has sufficient 
experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity being 
undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration 
Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. Dr Painter consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his 
information in the form and context in which it appears. Dr Painter holds securities in Kalgoorlie Gold Mining Limited. 
 
 
 
Page  7 
New tenement acquired at Pinjin  
EXPLORATION RESULTS 
The references in this announcement to Exploration Results were reported in accordance with Listing Rule 5.7 in the 
announcements titled: 
• 
KalGold farms-in to Kirgella gold tenement and acquires Rebecca West tenure at Pinjin, 23 May 2023 
• 
Thick, shear-hosted gold mineralisation intercepted at Kirgella Gift, 8 June 2023 
• 
Shallow, high-grade results extend Kirgella Gift and Providence corridor to over 1,150m of strike, 25 October 2023 
• 
Providence: North plunging shallow gold mineralisation has significant potential at depth, 7 December 2023. 
• 
Thick gold intercepts from initial drilling at Wessex near Anglo Saxon Gold Mine, 23 May 2024 
• 
More thick, shallow gold intercepts at Pinjin extend Wessex target to 2km strike length, 9 October 2024. 
The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the 
previous market announcements noted above. 
MINERAL RESOURCE ESTIMATES 
The references in this announcement to Mineral Resource estimates were reported in accordance with Listing Rule 5.8 in the 
following announcements: 
• 
La Mascotte gold deposit: First JORC (2012) Mineral Resource of 138,000 oz Au, 7 March 2023. 
• 
First Kirgella Gift Inferred Resource of 76,400 oz from 3m, 5 July 2024. 
In accordance with ASX Listing Rule 5.23, the Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially 
affects the information included in the previous market announcement noted above and that all material assumptions and technical 
parameters underpinning the Mineral Resource estimates in the previous market announcements continue to apply. 
 
 
 
