 
 
ASX Announcement 
 
 
 
ABN: 67 150 154 162 
www.solsticeminerals.com.au 
T: +61 (8) 9200 1838 
E: solstice@solsticeminerals.com.au 
PO Box 273, Subiaco, WA 6904 
Unit 2, 454 Roberts Road, Subiaco 
 
6 December 2024  |  ASX: SLS 
 
Tenement Sale - Yarri Project  
Highlights 
 
 
 
 
➢ Divestment of a non-core Exploration Licence to Kalgoorlie Gold Mining Ltd (ASX: KAL) 
consistent with the Company’s strategy to refine and prioritise its Yarri Project 
1,658km2 landholdings.  
➢ Solstice to receive KAL shares equivalent to $70,000 and retain a 1% Net Smelter Royalty 
(NSR). 
➢ Separately, assay results from recently completed Reverse Circulation (RC) program1 at 
its advanced Bluetooth Gold Prospect are anticipated in coming days. Drilling 
intersected the mineralised chert, ironstone and quartz vein target horizon on multiple 
traverses. 
➢ Aircore drilling will recommence at Edjudina Range early January to build on a highly 
encouraging 6m @ 1.88g/t EOH gold intercept1 returned on a reconnaissance drill 
traverse. The strike extensions of this mineralised structural position are unexplored 
below transported cover for a combined 4km in NW and SE directions. 
➢ Solstice continues to work-up new and exciting first-pass gold targets across its Project 
portfolio, and its $15.8M2 cash holdings allows excellent flexibility to add shareholder 
value beyond its asset base.  
 
Solstice Minerals Limited (ASX: SLS, Solstice, the Company) is pleased to report that it has sold non-core 
Exploration Licence E31/1262 to Kalgoorlie Gold Mining Ltd (ASX: KAL) furthering its strategy to 
continually refine its key Yarri Project tenement holdings. The 70km2 Licence is located well to the south 
of the Company’s key gold targets and activities (Figure 1).  
As consideration Solstice will receive KAL shares equivalent to $70,000 and retain a 1% NSR. 
Over the course of 2024 the Company has also divested the 38km2 Hobbes Exploration Licence to 
Northern Star for an attributable $10 million cash3 and lodged some 360km2 of new Exploration Licence 
applications to secure under-explored gold or basemetal targets in the Yarri area.  
Solstice’s deep operating experience and comprehensive database at Yarri allows for rapid evaluation 
and turnover of ground, and its current $15.8 million cash balance allows the Company to consider 
opportunities to add shareholder value.  
 
 
 
1 ASX:SLS 28 November 2024 ‘Aircore Drilling Opens New Gold Trends at Yarri Project’. 
2 ASX:SLS 21 October 2024 ‘September 2024 Quarterly Activities Report’.  
3 ASX:SLS 9 April 2024 ‘Sale of Hobbes Exploration Licence for $12.5M’. 
 
 
 
 
SOLSTICE MINERALS LIMITED 
ASX: SLS 
ASX Announcement 
6 December 2024 
2 
 
Bluetooth RC Assays 
The Company is eagerly awaiting assay results from its recently completed 19-hole RC program at the 
advanced Bluetooth Gold Prospect (Figure 1), where drilling intersected the host mineralised chert, 
ironstone and quartz vein target horizon in multiple holes. Historical drill intercepts4 at the Prospect 
include 12m @ 1.31g/t Au to end of hole (EOH), 15m @ 0.95g/t Au, 8m @ 1.66g/t Au and 2m @ 5.07g/t 
Au to EOH in a zone extending over more than 1km of strike. 
Edjudina Range Target 
High-priority aircore drilling is scheduled to restart early January at the emerging Edjudina Range target 
(Figure 1) and will step-out from a highly encouraging 6m @ 1.88g/t EOH gold intercept returned on a 
reconnaissance drill traverse. The intercept was returned from quartz veining in schists below shallow 
cover and is supported by gold anomalism in adjacent holes, and also sits in the same structural position 
as the Company’s advanced Statesman Well Gold Prospect located 9km to the SE. Statesman Well hosts 
numerous significant historical RC gold intercepts5 over 1km of strike, including 22m @ 1.14g/t Au, 10m 
@ 2.04g/t Au, 10m @ 1.63g/t Au and 13m @ 1.28g/t Au.   
The strike extensions of the new Edjudina Range target are unexplored below transported cover for a 
combined 4km in NW and SE directions, a classic example of greenfield exploration potential that 
remains in a relatively mature exploration district.   
Forward Planning 
The Company continues to work-up further quality greenfield gold targets across its Yarri Project tenure, 
with a focus on testing positions that offer potential for ‘stand-alone’ scale. The first-pass aircore drilling 
campaign at Yarri is likely to continue into 2025 as Exploration Licence applications are granted.   
The overall aim is to bring forward additional high-quality targets to be advanced via RC drilling. Key 
targets at Bluetooth, Statesman Well and Bunjarra will be progressed through to resource definition 
drilling where appropriate. The April 2024 sale of the Hobbes tenement demonstrates that smaller 
deposits in this infrastructure-rich location can have material value. 
Some recent presentations and commentary on the Company’s strategy and methodology can be viewed 
at: https://solsticeminerals.com.au/investor-centre/media-insights  
About the Yarri Project  
The Company’s Yarri landholding is close to existing infrastructure, with dedicated haul roads and ore 
processing facilities typically within 50–100km. In this infrastructure-rich area, even modest scale gold 
mineralisation has potential to be commercialised, as underscored by the sale of the Company’s Hobbes 
tenement.  
With an extensive belt-scale footprint in WA’s Eastern Goldfields, the Company continues to offer strong 
leverage to gold exploration success. A robust cash position provides Solstice with excellent flexibility to 
expand its asset base beyond its current projects, and the Company continues to review a number of 
compelling business development opportunities. 
 
4 ASX:SLS 8 October 2024 ‘Solstice Accelerates Drilling at Yarri Gold Project’. 
5 ASX:SLS 7 May 2024 ‘Strong Drill Targets Take Shape at Statesman Well Gold Prospect’. 
 
 
 
 
SOLSTICE MINERALS LIMITED 
ASX: SLS 
ASX Announcement 
6 December 2024 
3 
 
 
 
Figure 1: Solstice’s Yarri Project tenement group showing the location of Bunjarra, Bluetooth and 
Edjudina Range areas, and current gold targets flagged for first-pass aircore drilling (red circles). The 
Company’s more advanced targets with existing >1g/t Au gold intercepts are shown as yellow circles. 
All exploration releases are available on the Company’s website at: 
https://solsticeminerals.com.au/investor-centre/asx-announcements. 
This announcement has been authorised for release by the Board. 
 
For further information please contact: 
Nick Castleden - CEO & Managing Director  
T: +61 (8) 9200 1838 
Media inquiries: 
Nicholas Read – Read Corporate 
T: +61 (8) 9388 1474 
 
 
 
 
 
SOLSTICE MINERALS LIMITED 
ASX: SLS 
ASX Announcement 
6 December 2024 
4 
 
 
 
Forward-Looking Statements  
This announcement may contain certain forward-looking statements, guidance, forecasts, estimates, prospects, 
projections or statements in relation to future matters that may involve risks or uncertainties and may involve 
significant items of subjective judgement and assumptions of future events that may or may not eventuate 
(Forward-Looking Statements). Forward-Looking Statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-
looking words such as "anticipate", "estimates", "will", "should", "could", "may", "expects", "plans", "forecast", "target" 
or similar expressions and may include, without limitation, statements regarding plans, strategies and objectives of 
management, anticipated production and expected costs. Indications of, and guidance on future earnings, cash 
flows, costs, financial position and performance are also Forward-Looking Statements.  
Persons reading this announcement are cautioned that such statements are only predictions, and that actual future 
results or performance may be materially different. Forward-Looking Statements, opinions and estimates included 
in this announcement are based on assumptions and contingencies which are subject to change, without notice, as 
are statements about market and industry trends, which are based on interpretation of current market conditions. 
Forward-Looking Statements are provided as a general guide only and should not be relied on as a guarantee of 
future performance. 
No representation or warranty, express or implied, is made by Solstice that any Forward-Looking Statement will be 
achieved or proved to be correct. Further, Solstice disclaims any intent or obligation to update or revise any Forward-
Looking Statement whether as a result of new information, estimates or options, future events or results or 
otherwise, unless required to do so by law.  
Compliance Statement - Previously Reported Results  
The information in this announcement that relates to previously reported Exploration Results is extracted from the 
ASX announcements (Original Announcements) dated 9 April 2024, 7 May 2024, 8 October 2024, 21 October 2024 
and 28 November 2024. All prior Solstice ASX announcements, Investor Updates, and the Solstice Prospectus dated 
14 March 2022 are available to view on the Company’s website www.solsticeminerals.com.au. 
Solstice confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included 
in the Prospectus and Original Announcements and, in the case of Estimates of Mineral Resources, that all material 
assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in the Original Announcements continue to apply 
and have not materially changed. Solstice confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Persons’ 
findings are presented have not been materially modified from the original announcement.  
