 
 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
 
19 November 2024 
 
Aurora Secures Option Over  
WA Uranium Exploration Projects 
Broadens uranium asset portfolio, with near-term exploration upside 
• 
Aurora Energy Metals has secured an option to acquire 100% of Metalbelt Holdings, 
the holder of a portfolio of exploration tenements in Western Australia. 
• 
Metalbelt’s tenements cover locations with uranium anomalies defined from airborne 
radiometric surveys within palaeochannel settings. 
• 
Option Agreement provides an opportunity to evaluate the exploration targets prior to 
any decision to exercise the option. 
• 
Broadens 1AE’s exposure to a strengthening global uranium market.  
 
Aurora Energy Metals Limited (Aurora or the Company) (ASX:1AE) has entered into an Option Agreement 
to acquire 100% of Metalbelt Holdings Pty Ltd (Metalbelt), which holds a number of granted Exploration 
Licences (EL) and Applications across Western Australia. The Option Fee for the transaction is $50,000 
and will be paid from the Company’s existing cash reserves. More details of the Option Agreement are 
set out in Annexure A. 
 
The Agreement provides Aurora with an opportunity to evaluate the exploration targets prior to a decision 
to proceed with acquisition. These projects shift Aurora’s focus to a local jurisdiction, following the 
strategic decision to enter into an option agreement over its Aurora Uranium Project (AUP) in the United 
States (refer ASX announcement: “Aurora Enters Option for Sale of Aurora Uranium Project”).  
 
Aurora Chairman, Peter Lester, said: “Whilst we maintain significant exposure to upside in the Aurora 
Project through the announced Eagle Energy Metals option, the opportunity to test some highly 
prospective uranium targets in our local jurisdiction presented as a low cost, low risk strategy that 
broadens our portfolio. 
 
“The Metalbelt projects have a very clear pathway for technical evaluation and excellent exploration 
potential. There is a growing local understanding of the technology to develop palaeochannel uranium 
systems and they can offer good economic returns for low capital and very low environmental impact. 
  
“As a company we are cognisant of the current uranium mining ban in Western Australia, however, we 
recognise the growing momentum for uranium worldwide, along with heightened discussions around the 
mining of uranium, not just in WA but nationally.  
 
“This momentum, we believe, could ultimately lead to a shift in sentiment or policy in Western Australia. 
In the meantime, we have the knowledge, relationships and access to thoroughly assess the Metalbelt 
licences and applications through a considered exploration program, while the AUP continues to be 
progressed by Eagle Energy Metals in North America.” 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
2  
The tenements held by Metalbelt (See Figure 1) were selected based on the targeting of elevated uranium 
radiometric responses identified from regional geophysical surveys over prospective geological settings 
as follows: 
 
• 
Ucarty, Bulagin and Kondinin Projects: Located within the WA wheatbelt on private land, these 
tenements are associated with interpreted Tertiary palaeochannels which are host to a number 
of significant uranium deposits within the Yilgarn Block. The target areas have uranium 
radiometric responses defined from airborne surveys. Similar palaeochannel-associated 
uranium deposits have been identified in the western Yilgarn however exploration for this deposit 
type remains minimal and none of the target areas have been tested by drilling. 
• 
Lake Harvey Project: Situated on the northern wheatbelt margins, Lake Harvey shows a uranium 
radiometric anomaly along a lake margin, potentially linked to a palaeochannel system. 
• 
Harris Lake Project: Located on the southeastern Yilgarn margin, Harris Lake features a uranium 
radiometric anomaly associated with mound springs that appear to be associated with the 
terminal junction of a Tertiary palaeochannel and Tertiary sedimentary basin.  
• 
Mudjalla Project: Positioned on the southern Fitzroy Trough margin, this project shows uranium 
responses in airborne radiometric surveys over an area of outcropping sandstones. 
 
 
Figure 1: Location of Metalbelt EL and EL Applications. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3  
Next Steps 
Aurora will develop and execute a work programme in relation to the Metalbelt EL and EL Applications 
over the option period, including both technical and commercial evaluations to inform a decision on 
whether to exercise the option. 
 
Initial work will focus on landholder engagement and surface inspections with portable spectrometers. 
Subject to initial sampling and securing access to any areas of interest will be followed up with drilling 
and geophysical methods to define the extent and geometry of any mineralisation and host channels. 
 
THIS ANNOUNCEMENT HAS BEEN AUTHORISED FOR RELEASE ON THE ASX BY THE COMPANY'S BOARD OF DIRECTORS. 
 
ABOUT AURORA ENERGY METALS  
Aurora Energy Metals is an ASX-listed company focused on the exploration and development of critical mineral 
assets. Aurora has interests in uranium-focused assets in Australia and the USA, including the Aurora Uranium 
Project (AUP) in southeast Oregon—the USA’s largest mineable, measured and indicated uranium deposit (MRE: 
107.3Mt @ 214ppm U3O8 for 50.6 Mlbs U3O8). Aurora maintains a strong interest in the AUP and significant exposure 
to its future upside, via an option agreement that, if exercised, will result in a substantial interest in a US-based entity 
with incentives to advance AUP, intending to list in the near future. Additionally, Aurora is actively exploring highly 
prospective assets in Western Australia, which feature elevated uranium anomalies, as part of its commitment to 
supplying minerals essential to global energy needs. 
 
The Mineral Resource for the AUP was first reported by Aurora in its announcement titled ‘Uranium Resource Up 
34% to 50.6Mlb, Maiden Measured Resource’ on 23 November 2022. Aurora Energy Metals Limited confirms that it 
is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the original 
announcement and that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the Mineral Resource 
continue to apply and have not materially changed.  
 
FOLLOW US ON TWITTER: 
www.twitter.com/Aurora_1AE 
 
FOLLOW US ON LINKEDIN: 
www.linkedin.com/company/aurora-energy-
metals/  
 
CAPITAL STRUCTURE: 
Share Price (18/11/24): $0.043 
Market Cap: $7.7 million 
Shares on Issue: 179 million 
 
COMPANY SECRETARY: 
Steven Jackson 
 
SHAREHOLDER CONTACT: 
Steven Jackson 
Email: info@auroraenergymetals.com 
Tel: +61 8 6465 5500 
BOARD OF DIRECTORS: 
Peter Lester: Non-Executive Chairman  
Alasdair Cooke: Non-Executive Director 
John Gardner: Non-Executive Director 
 
SHAREHOLDERS: 
Directors: 15% 
Management: 13% 
Institutional shareholders: 10% 
Balance of Top 20: 14% 
Balance of Register: 48% 
 
 
INVESTOR & MEDIA CONTACT: 
Sam Macpherson 
VECTOR Advisors 
Tel: +61 401 392 925 
 
Competent Person Statement: 
Information in this announcement relating to Exploration Activities is based on information compiled by Mr. Alasdair Cooke (a director 
of Aurora Energy Metals Limited and a shareholder) who is a member of The Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr. Cooke has 
sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he 
is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person under the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for reporting of Exploration Results, 
Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. Mr. Cooke consents to the inclusion of the data in the form and context in which it appears. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4  
 
Annexure A - Key Commercial Terms: 
 
Option Fee: Aurora will pay an initial option fee of A$50,000 plus GST to secure the option over 100% of 
Metalbelt Holdings Pty Ltd. 
 
Option Period: The option is exercisable over the next six months, from 18 November 2024, during which time 
Aurora will conduct detailed due diligence, including technical and commercial evaluations. 
 
Extension Fee: Should Aurora wish to extend the option period, it may do so for an additional six months for a 
fee of a further A$50,000 plus GST. 
 
Consideration: If Aurora elects to exercise the option, it will issue 30,000,000 Consideration Options at an 
exercise price of A$0.15, expiring three years from the date of issue. 
 
Tenements: The tenements held by Metalbelt include: 
 
• 
E28/3470 – Harris Lake (Under application) 
• 
E70/6648 – Bulagin (Granted) 
• 
E70/6649 – Ucarty (Granted) 
• 
E70/6650 – Kondinin (Granted) 
• 
E70/6651 – Lake Harvey (Under application) 
• 
E04/2897 – Mudjalla (Under application) 
 
Vendors: Terra Metallica Nominees Pty Ltd 
 
Material Conditions: Exercise of the Option is subject to the following conditions precedent: 
 
• 
Completion of commercial, legal, and technical due diligence investigations on the tenements, to 
Aurora’s satisfaction. 
• 
If required, receipt of all necessary shareholder and regulatory approvals required under the ASX Listing 
Rules and the Corporations Act, including approval for the issuance of the consideration options and 
any required shareholder approvals. 
• 
If required, obtaining all third-party consents and ministerial or governmental approvals necessary to 
allow for the completion of the acquisition. 
 
 
