@BenzMining
BENZMINING.COM | TSXV: BZ, ASX: BNZ
BENZ MINING
BUILDING A WORLD CLASS GOLD 
PORTFOLIO:
TRANSFORMATIONAL ACQUISITION OF GLENBURGH AND 
MT EGERTON PROJECTS FROM SPARTAN RESOURCES
INVESTOR PRESENTATION 
NOVEMBER 2024
2
BENZ MINING CORP
This presentation contains forward-looking statements and forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable securities laws. The use of any of the words 
"Expect", "Anticipate", "Continue", "Estimate", "Objective", "Ongoing", "May", "Will", "Project", "Should", "Believe", "Plans", "Intends" and similar expressions are intended to identify 
forward-looking information or statements. More particularly and without limitation, this presentation contains forward looking statements and information concerning the 
expected activities of Benz Mining Corp.
The forward-looking statements and information are based on certain key expectations and assumptions made by Benz Mining Corp. Although Benz Mining Corp. believes 
that the expectations and assumptions on which such forward-looking statements and information are based are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on the 
forward-looking statements and information because Benz Mining Corp. can give no assurance that they will prove to be correct. By its nature, such forward-looking 
information is subject to various risks and uncertainties, which could cause the actual results and expectations to differ materially from the anticipated results or 
expectations expressed. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on this forward-looking information, which is given as of the date hereof, and to not use such 
forward-looking information for anything other than its intended purpose. Benz Mining Corp. undertakes no obligation to update publicly or revise any forward-looking 
information, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
The Mineral Resource Estimate for the Eastmain Gold Resource in this announcement was reported by the Company in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 5.8 on 24 May 
2023. The information in this announcement that relates to exploration results and the Mineral Resource Estimate for Glenburgh and Mt Egerton was first reported by the 
Company in accordance with ASX Listing Rules 5.7 and 5.8 in the ASX announcement dated 6 November 2024. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new 
information or data that materially affects the information included in the original market announcements and confirms, in relation to the Mineral Resource Estimates, that 
all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates continue to apply and have not materially changed. The Company confirms that the form 
and context in which the Competent Person’s findings are presented have not been materially modified from the original market announcements. Please see Appendix 3 for 
further information regarding the Mineral Resource Estimates.
This presentation has been authorised for release by the Board of Benz Mining Corp. and is current as at 6 November 2024.
DISCLAIMER AND FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS
3
BENZ MINING CORP
TRANSFORMATIONAL ACQUISITION
High-quality gold deposits, with high growth potential
Glenburgh
510,100 ounces
at 1.0g/t Au
Initial JORC-
compliant resource 
based on shallow 
drilling 
Maiden drill program 
and resource update 
planned early 2025
Mining licence and 
main road access in 
place
Under-explored
high-grade 
potential1
• 24m @ 9.1g/t Au 
• 28m @ 5.9g/t Au
• 28m @ 5g/t Au
• 14m @ 9g/t Au
• 11m @ 11.4g/t Au
• 14m @ 8.9g/t Au
• 10m @ 11.6g/t Au
High-grade 
underground ounces 
to be the focus
Huge exploration 
upside over 
50km of strike
786km² over highly 
underexplored fertile 
terrane
Limited gold 
exploration plays of 
this size in Western 
Australia 
Australia’s next 
Tropicana ?
Major discovery 
potential 
Glenburgh shares  
very similar 
geological setting as 
the multi-million 
ounce Tropicana 
gold discovery
Mt Egerton
Home to the 
historical 
Hibernian Mine
Mined from 1912 to 
1953
Located within 
trucking distance
of an operating 
mill
Enabling efficient 
and cost-effective 
processing of gold
Ultra high-grade1
• 5m @ 96.7g/t Au 
• 4m @ 91.9g/t Au 
• 4m @ 72.3g/t Au
• 11m @ 42.5g/t Au 
Exploration 
upside
8km underexplored 
strike extension to 
the Hibernian trend 
under shallow cover
Hibernian Mine 
depth extension, only 
drilled to ~70m
Tropicana
Gold Project
1. Refer to ASX Announcement dated: “Benz To Acquire WA Gold Projects From Spartan Resources”. 
4
BENZ MINING CORP
TRANSACTION RATIONALE
Glenburgh and Mt Egerton
Transaction strategic rationale and benefits
Australian gold 
projects offering 
premium valuation 
multiples
Capitalise on
gold’s all time high
Meets Benz 
investment filters of 
underexplored, high 
potential gold 
assets
Rapid growth 
potential, turning 
Benz into a multi-
jurisdictional pure 
gold play
Strategic 
partnership with 
Spartan Resources
A fantastic opportunity… We’re excited to 
partner with Benz Mining to unlock the 
incredible potential of the Glenburgh and 
Mt Egerton assets as well as gaining 
exposure to the incredibly high-grade 
opportunity at Benz’s Eastmain Gold 
Project. Bring on the results!”
Simon Lawson
Interim Executive Chairman,
Spartan Resources (ASX: SPR) 
Glenburgh Project
and Mt Egerton 
Project
WA, Australia
Eastmain Gold 
Project
Quebec, Canada
2004
2006
2008
2010
2012
2014
2016
2018
2020
2022
2024
AUD $4,100
AUD $560
AUD $1,700
AUD $2,700
$0
$1K
$2K
$3K
$4K

Binding conditional share purchase 
agreement signed with Spartan 
Resources (ASX:SPR) (Spartan)

A$1m in staged cash payments

33M CDIs to Spartan, representing 
15.4% of Benz2

A$6m in milestone payments in 
cash or CDIs upon achieving staged 
mineral resource estimates at a 
2.0g/t Au cut-off grade
Transaction terms1:
1.
Refer to Appendix 2 for Transaction terms 
2. Ownership based on proforma capital structure post acquisition and coincident capital raising
Historical Gold Price3 
3. Source: gold.org
BENZ MINING CORP
5
NEW LEADERSHIP TEAM:
A TRACK RECORD OF GOLD DISCOVERY 
New Technical Team
Our team has decades of experience in discovering and developing successful mining projects around the world
Mark Lynch-Staunton
Chief Development 
Officer
Formerly with Barrick Gold 
Corporation before joining Benz 
in 2023
A seasoned mine builder 
responsible for the feasibility & 
re-commissioning of the multi-
million-ounce Bulyanhulu Gold 
Mine
With a proven track record of 
delivering results combining 
technical expertise and project 
management
Nick Jolly
Director Elect*
20 years’ industry experience as a 
geologist in technical and 
leadership roles in the Australian 
mining industry and overseas
Five years of operation-focused 
management roles with Northern 
Star Resources prior to 
commencement with Spartan
Spartan Technical 
Team*
Spartan geological team to provide 
ongoing support led by Simon 
Lawson and Monty Graham
Currently consulting to Benz Mining, 
Ben has extensive experience in 
structural geology GIS/3D 
modelling, and regolith specialist, 
with hands-on experience of 
exploration and mining
Recognized structural expert and 
part of the early success  of the 
renowned Tropicana Gold Project
Ben McCormack
Structural Geologist 
Management 
Evan Cranston
Executive Chairman
Nick Tintor
Director
Mathew O’Hara
Director
Peter Williams
Director
*conditional on deal completion
PORTFOLIO OF HIGH-
QUALITY GOLD PROJECTS
7
BENZ MINING CORP
DISCOVERING GLENBURGH: DIGGING DEEPER FOR SUCCESS
1.
Refer to ASX Announcement dated 6 November 2024: “Benz To Acquire WA Gold Projects From Spartan Resources”. 
Initial JORC 2012 Mineral Resource Estimate:
16.3 Mt @ 1.0 g/t Au (510,100 oz contained gold)
Project overview
Key Points
Primed for Australia's next Tropicana style discovery – 
aiming for multi-million ounce potential
Target package identified
Generally characterized by ~100-
metre-thick horizon of gneissic rocks 
with anomalous gold mineralisation 
encompassing significant high-
grade gold zones
Tropicana look-a-like
Glenburgh shares very similar 
geological characteristics and 
setting to the world class 
Tropicana gold discovery.
Metamorphic belts- next 
generation of discoveries 
The potential of the gneissic 
metamorphic belts surrounding 
the Yilgarn craton were only 
recognised in the last few decades 
– they remain highly 
underexplored presenting a 
substantial opportunity
Huge exploration
upside over 50km of strike
786km² over highly fertile craton 
margin, metamorphic belt terrane
Limited gold exploration plays of 
this size in WA 
Glenburgh 
Project
8
BENZ MINING CORP
UNLOCKING MULTI-MILLION OUNCE POTENTIAL
Exploration and development strategy 
1.
Refer to ASX Announcement dated 6 November 2024, BENZ TO ACQUIRE WA GOLD PROJECTS FROM SPARTAN RESOURCES 
Priority high-grade resource 
extension targets
6 priority
resource
extension targets
Open at depth
Drilled on average
<100m depth
Targeting
>50 gram metre 
shoots at depth
5km exploration trend
5km highly
anomalous
gold trend
>100 ppb gold
Target Package
interpreted to 
plunge shallowly 
beneath gneissic 
cover rock
Opportunity to
discover 5km 
extension of 
target package
Defining the lithogeochemistry and geometry of this interpreted "Target Package" will be key to the exploration strategy.
9
BENZ MINING CORP
GLENBURGH PROJECT | ZONE 126
Priority target for rapid high-grade resource growth
1.
Refer to ASX Announcement dated 6 November 2024: “Benz To Acquire WA Gold Projects From Spartan Resources”. 
High-Grade
>50 gram metre shoot
8m @ 11.6g/t Au 
28m @ 5g/t Au
24m @ 9.1g/t Au
14m @ 8.9 g/t Au
Rapid targeting with 
geophysics
Strong association between 
high-grade lodes and 
increased sulphide 
mineralisation, enabling 
potential for downhole EM 
targeting
Open in all directions
Q1 2025
Drill program planned 
Preliminary 
metallurgical results 
suggest high recoveries 
averaging 96.8%1
10
BENZ MINING CORP
MT EGERTON GOLD PROJECT
High-grade gold project: Enhancing strategic optionality
1.
Refer to ASX Announcement dated 6 November 2024: “Benz To Acquire WA Gold Projects From Spartan Resources”. 
Two granted mining leases and exploration 
licences, covering a total area of 179.59 km² in 
the Gascoyne province, approximately 220 km 
northwest of Meekatharra
Home to the historical Hibernian Gold Mine
Mined in 1912 to 1953
Previous drilling has revealed exceptional high-
grade intercepts;
only been drilled tested down to ~70m depth

5m @ 96.7g/t Au 

4m @ 91.9g/t Au 

4m @ 75.3g/t Au

11m @ 42.5g/t Au 
8km underexplored strike extension
to the Hibernian trend under shallow cover.
Initial Mineral Resource Estimate of

0.28Mt @ 3.1g/t Au for 27,000 oz1 (open pit)
Mt Egerton Project is trucking distance to several 
operating mills for optionality of quick cashflow
11
BENZ MINING CORP
EASTMAIN: EXPANDING A HIGH-GRADE GOLD OREBODY
1Moz gold open in all directions with a lot further to go
Eastmain has strong
potential for growth 
With areas that are still underexplored, we will 
continue to use advanced targeting techniques 
to identify new high-grade zones.
Maiden JORC Resource delivered 
1,005,000 ounces at 6.1g/t Au, 
including 384,000 ounces of Indicated 
material at 9.0g/t Au
Substantial extensional potential 
numerous DHEM and FLEM/VTEM 
conductors to follow high-grade shoots
Resource is open in all directions
Next steps
Finalise detailed regional 
exploration targeting study
Initiate Mine scoping studies
BENZ MINING CORP
12
VALUE DRIVERS AND UPCOMING CATALYSTS
Maiden
Drill Program at 
Glenburgh and Resource 
Update
Launching in Q1 2025
Transaction
Finalisation
Actively fulfilling the conditions 
precedent with Spartan, 
targeting an indicative close 
date late December 2024
Funded for Future 
Discovery
Successful capital raise of 
A$4m for exploration programs 
Geological
Review
Conducting a detailed 
review of historical data and 
advanced lithogeochemistry 
at Glenburgh and Mt Egerton 
to identify key target 
horizons for exploration
Eastmain
Gold Project
Outcome of detailed 
targeting study
CONTACT
Mark Lynch-Staunton | Chief Development Officer
mstaunton@benzmining.com
@BenzMining
BENZMINING.COM | TSXV: BZ, ASX: BNZ
BENZ MINING CORP
1414
APPENDICES
15
BENZ MINING CORP
1.
62.2 million Shares and 106.9 million CDIs on issue 
2. Market capitalisation at capital raising price (on an undiluted basis)
3. Cash as at 1 October 2024, converted from CAD using FX CAD/AUD of 1.0966 plus net capital raising proceeds less upfront 
cash consideration (assuming $4m capital raising)
Shareholders
15.4%
Spartan Resources has taken a 
strategic cornerstone position in 
Benz, owning approximately 15% 
of the Company
~50%
Top 20            
shareholders
Share Price Performance (12 months)
CDIs / Shares on Issue (m)1
169.1
CDIs issued pursuant to the Transaction (m)
33.0
CDIs issued pursuant to the proposed capital raising (m)
18.2
Proforma Market Capitalisation (A$m)2
$48.5
Cash (A$m)3
$6.4
Debt (A$m)
-
Enterprise Value (A$m)
$42.1
APPENDIX 1:
PRO-FORMA CORPORATE SUMMARY
Benz Mining Corp. (TSXV:BZ / ASX:BNZ)
Analyst Coverage
 $-
 $0.05
 $0.10
 $0.15
 $0.20
 $0.25
 $0.30
 $0.35
 $0.40
Nov 23 Dec 23 Jan 24 Feb 24 Mar 24 Apr 24 May 24 Jun 24
Jul 24
Aug 24 Sep 24 Oct 24
16
BENZ MINING CORP
APPENDIX 2:
TRANSACTION TERMS
ACQUISITION CONSIDERATION
The Company is proposing to acquire a 100% interest in each of Gascoyne Resources (WA) Pty Ltd and 
Egerton Exploration Pty Ltd from Spartan Resources Limited in accordance with the terms of the SPA. 
a)
A$1 million cash payable to Spartan, with A$500,000 payable upon completion of the Acquisition 
(Completion) and the remaining A$500,000 payable to Spartan on the date that is 12 months after 
Completion; 
b)
33,000,000 fully paid CDIs in the Company (Consideration CDI) to be issued to Spartan at 
Completion, and subject to voluntary escrow for a period of 12 months from Completion; and 
c)
Deferred consideration of up to A$6 million, to be paid in cash or issued in fully paid CDIs (Milestone 
CDI) (at the Company's election) to Spartan upon Benz satisfying each of the following milestones: 
i.
A$2 million, payable upon the first to occur of (i) the Company declaring an indicated, inferred 
and/or measured Mineral Resource Estimate from the Projects containing 500,000 oz Au at a 
cut-off grade of at least 2.0g/t Au and (ii) production of 500,000 ounces of Gold from the 
Projects; 
ii. (ii) A$2 million, payable upon the first to occur of (i) the Company declaring an indicated, 
inferred and/or measured Mineral Resource Estimate from the Projects containing  1,000,000 oz 
Au at a cut-off grade of at least 2.0g/t Au) and (ii) production of 1,000,000 ounces of Gold from 
the Projects; and 
iii. (iii)A$2 million, payable upon the first to occur of (i) the Company declaring an indicated, 
inferred and/or measured Mineral Resource Estimate from the Projects containing 1,500,000 oz 
Au at a cut-off grade of 2.0g/t Au and (ii) production of 1,500,000 ounces of Gold from the 
Projects, 
iv. (together, the Milestone Payments). 
If the Company elects to issue Milestone CDIs to satisfy a Milestone Payment, the number of Shares to 
issued will be calculated using a deemed issue price of the higher of the 20-day VWAP of the Company's 
shares and A$0.088 per share. If the Company's 20-day VWAP falls below A$0.088 per share at the time 
the Milestone Payment is due, the Company may elect to satisfy the Milestone Payment by issuing such 
number of CDIs to Spartan (as approved by shareholders at the Company's Annual General Meeting) 
and the balance of the payment in cash. The Company may only elect to issue Milestone Shares subject 
to certain conditions being met, including that any issuance of Milestone CDIs to Spartan will occur 
before [3] November 2029, following which any Milestone Payment must be paid to Spartan in cash, and 
the Company having obtained all necessary regulatory and shareholder approvals to issue the relevant 
Milestone CDIs to Spartan.
TERMS OF SHARES: The Consideration CDIs and any Milestone CDIs will rank equally with existing 
CDIs on issue.  
SPARTAN INVESTOR RIGHTS: From Completion, subject to Spartan (or its related bodies 
corporate) holding, in aggregate, at least 10% of the Shares on issue (on an undiluted basis):
•
Spartan is entitled to appoint a nominee director to the Board. If Spartan's holding falls below this 
threshold, or there is a change of control of Spartan, Spartan must procure that its appointed director 
resigns from the Board; and
•
Spartan has a right to participate in future Benz equity raisings.
Spartan expects to nominate Mr Nicholas Jolly as its nominee director from Completion.
CONDITIONS PRECEDENT
Completion of the Acquisition is subject to the satisfaction or waiver of the following conditions precedent.
a)
the Company obtaining confirmation from ASX that ASX Listing Rule 11.1.3 does not apply to the Acquisition; 
b)
the Company completing an equity raise (Capital Raising) and demonstrating that it has (or will have) A$5 million cash in bank 
immediately after Completion; 
c)
the Company and Spartan agreeing, in principle, to a preliminary budget for exploration on the Projects for the 24 months 
immediately following Completion, which will provide for a minimum of A$3 million being spent on exploration on the projects; 
d)
the Company obtaining all required regulatory approvals including the requisite final acceptance from the TSXV in respect of the 
Acquisition and the Capital Raising; 
e)
the issuance of the Consideration CDIs are exempt from the prospectus and registration requirements under applicable securities 
laws; and
f)
Spartan: 
i.
obtaining a deed of release to secure the release of Gascoyne and Egerton from the Tembo Royalty Deed, Tembo Mortgage and 
Taurus Royalty Deed (and, if applicable, any mining mortgage registered pursuant to the Taurus Royalty Deed, and all conditions 
precedent in that deed of release having been satisfied or waived; 
ii. procuring that Egerton, Gascoyne and the relevant counterparties enter into new royalty and security arrangements: (A) with the 
Tembo parties (or Osisko Gold Royalties (Australia) Pty Ltd (Osisko), as applicable) on substantially the same terms as the Tembo 
Royalty Deed and the Tembo Mortgage; and (B) with Taurus Mining Royalty Fund LP (Taurus) on substantially the same terms as 
the Taurus Royalty Deed (and if applicable, any mining mortgage registered pursuant to the Taurus Royalty Deed); 
iii. procuring that Egerton, Gascoyne and the relevant counterparties enter into a tripartite deed governing the exercise of the 
respective royalty buy-back rights under the: (A) Tembo Royalty Deed and the new royalty arrangements between Egerton, 
Gascoyne and Osisko or the Tembo parties (as applicable); and (B) Taurus Royalty Deed and the new royalty arrangements 
between Egerton, Gascoyne and Taurus, and all conditions precedent in the tripartite deed having been waived, in each case on 
terms acceptable to Spartan and the Company.
As at the date of this announcement, the conditions precedent contained in paragraphs (a), (c) and (e) have been satisfied. The 
Company expects to be in a position to satisfy the condition precedent in:
(i) paragraph (b), following completion of the Capital Raising; and
(ii) paragraph (d), after its Annual General Meeting which is expected to be held on 17 December 2024. 
The conditions precedent must be satisfied or waived by no later than 3 February or such later period as agreed between the parties.
WARRANTIES: Under the SPA, Spartan has given standard warranties with respect to title, capacity, solvency, compliance with laws 
and Gascoyne and Egerton's assets. Similarly, Benz has given standard warranties with respect to authority and capacity and compliance 
with the ASX Listing Rules and the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth). 
TERMINATION: The SPA contains standard termination provisions which provide for either party to terminate the agreement prior to 
Completion. Termination events include where the conditions precedent have not be satisfied or waived by the 4 February 2025; if either 
Benz, Spartan, Gascoyne or Egerton suffer an insolvency event; if a party fails to perform and comply, in all material respects, with its 
material obligations under the SPA, or if a 'Material Adverse Change' occurs in respect to either party. A 'Material Adverse Change' includes 
any event or circumstance which has, or could be reasonably expected to have, a material adverse effect on the business, assets, 
liabilities, operations, financial or trading position or prospects of the relevant party as a direct result of, among other things, this 
announcement and/or implementation of the SPA. 
The key terms of the Acquisition are summarised  below. Consideration for the Acquisition has been structured to include an upfront cash payment and share issuance, 
as well as deferred milestone payments up to A$6m (cash or shares) subject to the satisfaction of certain resource milestones (for further details, see below).
17
BENZ MINING CORP
Category
Tonnes (Mt)
Au (g/t)
Au Metal (Koz)
Indicated
1.3
9.0
384
Inferred
3.8
5.1
621
Total
5.1
6.1
1,005
APPENDIX 3: JORC 2012 Mineral Resource Summary
GOLD RESOURCES 
EASTMAIN GOLD PROJECT1
Category
Tonnes (Mt)
Au (g/t)
Au Metal (Koz)
Indicated
13.5
1.0
430.7
Inferred
2.8
0.9
79.4
Total
16.3
1.0
510.1
GLENBURGH GOLD PROJECT2
1.
See ASX announcement dated 24 May 2023
2.
See ASX announcement dated 6 November 2024 
MT EGERTON GOLD PROJECT2
Category
Tonnes (Mt)
Au (g/t)
Au Metal (Koz)
Indicated
0.23
3.4
25
Inferred
0.04
1.5
2
Total
0.28
3.1
27
18
BENZ MINING CORP
INTRODUCTION
There are risks involved with participating in the Offer and holding CDIs in Benz Mining Corp (the Company, Benz, we or us). Certain of these risks are specific to an investment in the Company and others are specific to
investing in and holding securities. The occurrence of these risks may have an adverse impact on Benz's business, results of operations, financial condition and the price of Benz’s securities.
The risks detailed below may change after the date of this document and other risks relevant to the Company and its subsidiaries (the Group) and the CDIs may emerge which may have an adverse impact on the
Group and the price of the CDIs.
The risks set out in this section are not exhaustive. Other risks may materially affect the future performance of the Group and the price of the CDIs. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to
management or that management currently believe not to be material may also affect Benz’s business. Accordingly, no assurances or guarantees of future performance, profitability, distributions, or returns of
capital are given by Benz or any other person.
Risks relating to Benz may impact Benz, its business, financial position and performance as well as the businesses, financial position and performance of its subsidiaries which, in turn impacts Benz. Accordingly, a
reference to a risk impacting Benz, should be taken to be a reference to a risk which may also impact its subsidiaries (including, subject to completion of the Acquisition).
Potential investors should consider whether the securities offered are an investment in the Company is a suitable investment, having regard to their own personal investment objectives and financial circumstances
and the risk factors set out below. Benz has implemented appropriate strategies, actions, systems and safeguards for known risks; however, some are outside its control.
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE GROUP
Fluctuations in the 
commodity prices
The Group's revenues are exposed to fluctuations in the C$ price of gold. Volatility in gold prices creates revenue uncertainty and requires careful management of business performance to
ensure that operating cash margins are maintained despite volatile gold prices. Gold is a traded commodity in Australia and its long-term price may rise or fall.
Additionally, Benz's prospects and perceived value will be influenced from time to time by the prevailing short-term prices of gold and any other commodities targeted in its exploration
programs. Commodity prices fluctuate and are affected by factors including supply and demand for mineral products, hedge activities associated with commodity markets, the costs of
production and general global economic and financial market conditions.
These factors may cause volatility which in turn, may affect the Benz's ability to finance its future exploration and development programs and/or bring Benz's products to market. Benz may enter
into hedging arrangements from time to time, where deemed necessary by the Board, to partially protect against changes in the gold price. Declining gold prices can impact operations by
requiring a reassessment of the feasibility of an exploration target and/or evaluation project. Even if a project is ultimately determined to be economically viable, the need to conduct such a
reassessment could cause substantial delays and/or may interrupt operations, which may have a material adverse effect on Benz's results of operations and financial position in increase in the
A$ gold price.
APPENDIX 4:
KEY RISKS
19
BENZ MINING CORP
Mineral 
Resources
The Group's estimates of Mineral Resources are based on different levels of geological confidence and different degrees of technical and economic evaluation, and no assurance can be given that
anticipated tonnages and grades will be achieved, that the indicated level of recovery will be realised or that ore reserves (to the extent any are established in future) could be mined or processed
profitably. The quality of any Mineral Resource estimate is a function of the quantity of available technical data and of the assumptions used in engineering and geological interpretation, and
modifying factors affecting economic extraction. Such estimates are compiled by experienced and appropriately qualified geoscientists using mapping and sampling data obtained from bore holes 
and field observations, and subsequently reported by Competent Persons under the JORC Code.
Fluctuation in gold prices as well as the results of additional drilling subsequent to any estimate may require revision of such estimates.
It is a requirement of the ASX Listing Rules that the reporting of ore reserves and mineral resources in Australia comply with the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, the JORC Code,
and the estimates of ore reserves and mineral resources for Benz's Canadian operations, including the Eastmain Project, are reported in accordance with the National Instrument 43-101 (NI 43-101).
Mining companies in other countries may be required to report their mineral reserves and/or resources in accordance with other guidelines including applicable SEC Mining Disclosure Rules in the
United States. While the Company's reserve and mineral resource estimates may comply with the JORC Code and with NI 43-101, they may not comply with the relevant guidelines in other countries.
Therefore, the estimates of reserves and resources included in the information that the Group is required to file under the ASX Listing Rules may differ from reserves and resources estimated using
guidelines in other countries, and may not be comparable to other issuers that report reserves under such guidelines.
Exploration and 
development risk
Mineral exploration and development are high risk undertakings and involve significant risks.
Benz's performance depends on the successful exploration and/or acquisition of resources or reserves and commercial production therefrom. There can be no assurances that the Company’s
exploration programs described in this [Presentation] or those relating to any projects or tenements that the Company may acquire in the future, will result in the discovery of a significant gold
deposit, and even if an apparently viable deposit is identified, there is no guarantee that it can be economically exploited.
Benz's potential future earnings, profitability and commercialisation of gold reserves and resources will be dependent on the successful discovery and subsequent extraction of those resources to the
extent that may be required to fulfil commercial obligations. Successful commodity development and production is dependent on obtaining all necessary consent and approvals and the successful
design, construction and operation of efficient gathering, processing and transportation facilities. No assurance can be given that Benz will be able to obtain all necessary consents and approvals in
a timely manner, or at all.
Unforeseen 
expenses
Benz's cost estimates and financial forecasts include appropriate provisions for material risks and uncertainties and are considered to be fit for purpose for the proposed activities of the Group. If risks
and uncertainties prove to be greater than expected, or if new currently unforeseen material risks and uncertainties arise, the expenditure proposals of Benz are likely to be adversely affected.
APPENDIX 4:
KEY RISKS
20
BENZ MINING CORP
Changes in input 
costs
Mining operations and facilities are intensive users of electricity, gas and carbon-based fuels. Energy prices can be affected by numerous factors beyond the Group's control, including global and 
regional supply and demand, carbon taxes, inflation, political and economic conditions, and applicable regulatory regimes. The prices of various sources of energy may increase significantly from 
current levels.
The Group's costs are also affected by the prices of commodities it consumes or uses in its operations, such as diesel, lime, sodium cyanide and explosives, and increases in labour rates. The prices 
of such commodities are influenced by supply and demand trends affecting the mining industry in general and other factors outside the Group's control. Increases in the price for materials 
consumed in Benz's mining, production and exploration activities could materially adversely affect its results of operations and financial condition.
The Group's operations use contractors for mining services at those operations, and some of its construction projects are conducted by contractors. As a result, the Group's operations are subject 
to a number of risks, including:
• negotiation and renewal of agreements with contractors on acceptable terms;
• failure of contractors to perform under their agreements, including failure to comply with safety systems and standards, contractor insolvency and failure to maintain appropriate insurance;
• failure of contractors to comply with applicable legal and regulatory requirements; and
• changes in contractors.
In addition, the Group may incur liability to third parties as a result of the actions of its contractors. The occurrence of one or more of these risks could have a material adverse effect on its results of 
operations and financial position. The Group manages risks associated with input costs through a centralised procurement function which analyses market trends, supply environment, and 
operational demand planning, to establish appropriate sourcing strategies for spend categories.
Additional 
requirements for
capital
Benz's capital requirements depend on numerous factors including:
•
the operating revenue received from its operations relative to costs;
•
the outcome of Benz's exploration programs; and
•
the availability of third party debt finance, if required.
Benz may require further financing in addition to amounts raised under the Capital Raising. Any additional equity financing will dilute shareholdings and debt financing (if available) and may
involve restrictions on financing and operating activities. If Benz is unable to obtain additional financing as needed, it may be required to reduce the scope of its operations and scale back its
exploration programs. In addition, Benz's ability to continue as a going concern may be diminished.
There is no guarantee that Benz will be able to secure any additional funding or be able to secure funding on terms favourable to Benz and such circumstances will adversely affect the
Company.
APPENDIX 4:
KEY RISKS
21
BENZ MINING CORP
Mining risks and
insurance risks
Operation and exploration may from time to time be hampered on occasions by unforeseen operating risks, as would any other industry. For example, force majeure events, power outages, critical 
equipment or pipe failures, and environmental hazards such as noise, odours, hazardous substances spills, industrial accidents and other accidents, unforeseen cost changes and other incidents 
beyond the control of Benz can negatively impact on the Company’s activities, thereby affecting its profitability and ultimately, the value of its securities. Ultimate success depends on the discovery, 
delineation and expansion of economically recoverable mineral resources, establishment of efficient exploration operations, obtaining necessary titles and access to projects, as well as
government and other regulatory approvals.
The mining industry is subject to significant risks and hazards including environmental hazards industrial accidents, civil claims or disputes, unusual or unexpected geological condition 
unavailability of materials and equipment, failures, cave-ins, technical difficulties and failures, continued availability of the necessary technical equipment, plant and appropriately skilled and 
experienced technicians, improper, defective and negligent use of technical plant and equipment, improper, defective and negligent conduct by employees, consultants and contractors and 
weather conditions (including flooding and bushfires), most of which are beyond Benz's controls. These risks and hazards could result in significant costs or delays that could have a material 
adverse effect on Benz's financial performance, liquidity and operations results.
Benz maintains insurance to cover some of these risks and hazards. The insurance is maintained in amounts that are believed to be reasonable depending on the circumstances surrounding each 
identified risk. However, property, liability and other insurance may not provide sufficient coverage for losses related to these or other risks or hazards.
Management 
skills and depth
The mining industry in general may be subject to a shortage of suitably experienced and qualified personnel in key technical roles. Attracting and retaining key persons with specific knowledge and
skills are critical to the viability and growth of Benz.
Benz maintains a suitably structured remuneration strategy to assist with the attraction and retention of key employees. However, the risk of loss of key employees is always prevalent. This risk is
managed through having active and broad recruitment channels and the ability to rely upon suitably qualified external contractors when required to backfill vacancies.
Government 
regulation
The Group's mining processing development and exploration activities are subject to various laws and statutory regulations governing exploration development production, taxes royalty
payments labour standards and occupational health, mine safety, toxic substances land use, water user communications, native title, landholder interactions and other matters.
No assurance can be given that new laws, rules and regulations will not be enacted or that existing laws rules and regulations will not be applied in a manner which could have an adverse effect on
the Group's financial position and results of operations across the different jurisdictions in which it operates, including those relating to the Glenburgh and Mt Egerton Projects (the Projects) which are
held by Gascoyne Resources (WA) Pty Ltd (Gascoyne) and Egerton Exploration Pty Ltd (Egerton) respectively. Any such amendments to current laws, regulations and permits governing operations
and activities of mining and exploration, or more stringent implementation thereof, could have a material adverse impact on the Group. Failure to comply with any applicable laws, regulations or
permitting requirements or failure to renew, or to obtain the renewal of, any applicable licenses or permit may result in enforcement actions against the Group including orders issued by regulatory
or judicial authorities causing operations to cease or be curtailed, and may include corrective measures requiring capital expenditures, installation of additional equipment, or remedial actions.
The governments of the relevant States and Territories in which Benz has interest conduct reviews from time to time of policies in connection with the granting and administration of exploration and
mining tenements. Changing attitudes to environmental, land care, cultural heritage or traditional religious artefacts and indigenous land rights issues, together with the nature of the political
process, provide the possibility for future policy changes. There is a risk that such changes may affect the Company’s exploration, development or operational plans or, indeed, its rights and/or
obligations with respect to the tenements.
APPENDIX 4:
KEY RISKS
22
BENZ MINING CORP
The disposal of mining and process waste and mine water discharge are under constant legislative scrutiny and regulation. There is a risk that environmental laws and regulations become more 
onerous making the Company’s operations more expensive. Approvals are required for land clearing and for ground disturbing activities. Delays in obtaining or renewing such approvals can result in 
the delay to anticipated exploration programmes or mining activities.
Tenements and 
Native Title
A failure to adhere to the tenement obligations and requirements, including to meet certain levels of expenditure on tenements held by the Group in various jurisdictions may make certain tenements
subject to possible forfeiture. In respect of granted tenements, no assurance can be given that Benz will be successful in managing its minimum expenditure obligations and retaining such tenements.
Native Title
The Native Title Act 1993 (Cth) recognises certain rights of indigenous Australians over land where those rights have not been extinguished. These rights, where they exist, may impact on the ability of
the Company to carry out exploration and in future, mining activities, or obtain exploration or mining licences in Australia. In applying for licences over crown land, the Company must observe the
provisions of Native Title legislation.
There are also laws of the States and Territories which impose duties of care which require persons, including the Company, to take all reasonable and practical measures to avoid damaging or
destroying Aboriginal cultural heritage. Native title claims or issues on any existing or future tenements held by Benz may potentially impact Benz's operations and future plans. For tenements that
may still be subject to native title claims to validly granted (or renewed), there are established statutory regimes that Benz must follow in connection with those tenements. In carrying out exploration
and/or mining operations, Benz must observe Native Title legislation (where applicable), Aboriginal heritage legislation and heritage legislation which protects sites and objects of significance and 
these may delay or impact adversely on the Benz's operations in Australia.
Environment, 
health and safety 
regulations, 
permits
Benz's mining and processing operations and exploration activities are subject to extensive laws and regulations governing the protection of the environment, including: waste disposal worker safety, 
mine development and protection of endangered and other special status species. Benz's ability to obtain permits and approvals and to successfully operate may be adversely impacted by real or 
perceived detrimental events associated with Benz's activities or those of other mining companies affecting the environment, human health and safety or the surrounding communities. Delays in 
obtaining, or failure to obtain, governmental approvals may adversely affect Benz's including its ability to continue operations.
As with any mining project, there are health and safety risks associated with the Company’s operations in Australia. The Company manages these risks, through the application of structured health and 
safety management systems. As the operator of plant and equipment, the Company has specific legislative obligations to ensure that its personnel and contractors operate in a safe working 
environment. While Benz has implemented health, safety and community initiatives at its operations to attempt to ensure the health and safety of its employees, contractors and members of the 
community affected by its operations, there is no guarantee that such measures will eliminate the occurrence of accidents or other incidents which may result in personal injuries damage to property, 
and in certain instances such occurrences could give rise to regulatory fines and/or civil liability.
Community 
relations
Local community stakeholder concerns and expectations have the potential to disrupt production and exploration activities and delay the approval timelines for key development activities. 
Climate Change 
Climate change has the potential to impact Benz's business The highest priority climate related risks include the following: reduced water availability, changes to legislation and regulation, 
reputation risk, market changes and shareholder activism.
APPENDIX 4:
KEY RISKS
23
BENZ MINING CORP
Foreign currency
risk
The Group has Canadian dollar presentation currency for reporting purposes. However, gold is sold throughout the world based principally on the US dollar price, and most of the Group's revenues
are realised in, or linked to, US dollars. Following completion of the Acquisition, the Group will also be exposed to Australia dollar risk in respect of the operations of the Projects. The Group is therefore
exposed to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates.
Interest rate risk
Exposure to interest rate arises on financial assets and liabilities where a future change in interest rates will affect future cash flows or the fair value to fixed rate financial instruments.
The Group continually analyses its exposure to interest rate risk. Consideration is given to alternative financing options, potential renewal of existing positions, alternative investments and the mix of
fixed and variable interest rates.
Impairment risk
If the gold price suffers a significant decline, or the operations are not expected to meet future production levels, there may be the potential for future impairment write downs at any of the operations.
The recoverability of the carrying value of the Group's assets is assessed on a regular basis using a range of assumptions and expectations as part of the business planning system.
RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH THE ACQUISITION
Due diligence risk
Benz has undertaken financial, operational, business and other analyses of whether to pursue the Acquisition. There is a risk that such analyses, and the estimates and assumptions made by Benz
during the course of the analyses, leads to conclusions or forecasts that are inaccurate or which will not be realised in due course. To the extent that the actual results achieved by Benz differ from
those indicated by Benz's analysis of the Acquisition, there is a risk the profitability and future earnings of the operations of Benz may differ from the estimates and forecasts made by Benz.
There is a risk that due diligence conducted has not identified issues that would have been material to the decision to enter into the Acquisition. A material adverse issue which was not identified prior
to the Completion of the Acquisition could have an adverse impact on the financial performance or operations of Benz. As is usual in the conduct of acquisitions, the due diligence process undertaken
by Benz identified a number of risks associated with the Acquisition, which the Company had to evaluate and managed. The mechanisms used by Benz to manage these risks included in certain
circumstances the acceptance of the risk as tolerable on commercial grounds such as materiality. There is a risk that the approach taken by Benz may be insufficient to mitigate the risk, or that the
materiality of these risks may have been underestimated, and hence they may have a material adverse impact on Benz's earning and financial position.
Reliance on 
information 
provided
The Group has prepared (and made assumptions in the preparation of) the financial information, information on production and costs estimates relating to the Acquisition, information on the
Projects and exploration operations on the Projects included in this Presentation in reliance on the financial information, tax information, information on Mineral Resources and other information
provided by Spartan Resources Limited (the Vendor). Benz undertook a due diligence process in respect of the Acquisition which relied in part on the review of financial and other information
provided by the Vendor. Despite making reasonable efforts Benz has not been able to verify the accuracy, reliability or completeness of all the information which was provided.
If any information provided and relied upon by Benz in its due diligence and preparation of this presentation proves to incorrect incomplete or misleading, there is a risk that the actual financial 
position and performance of the Projects post-Acquisition may be materially different to the expectations reflected in this Presentation.
Investors should also note that there is no assurance that the due diligence conducted identified all material issues and risks in respect of the Acquisition and have been avoided or managed 
appropriately (for example, because Benz may not in all cases have negotiated indemnities or representations and warranties from Vendor to cover all potential risks). Therefore, there is a risk that 
issues and risks may arise which will also have a material impact on the Group (for example, Benz may later discover liabilities or defects which were not identified through due diligence or for which 
there is no contractual protection for Benz). This could adversely affect the operations, financial performance or position of the Group.
APPENDIX 4:
KEY RISKS
24
BENZ MINING CORP
Use of assumptions 
and forecasts
Benz uses estimates of production and financial performance based on a range of assumptions and forecasts. There is uncertainty in these assumptions and forecasts and risk that variation from
them could result in actual performance being different to the expected outcomes. The uncertainties arise from a range of factors, including the nature of the mining industry and general economic
factors.
Completion risk
Completion of the Acquisition is conditional on various matters as set out in the Share Purchase Agreement (SPA) in respect of the Acquisition, including, among other things:
•
completion of the Capital Raising, and demonstrating that the Company has (or will have) A$5 million cash in bank immediately after Completion;
•
the Company and the Vendor (as applicable) obtaining all necessary third party consents and approvals required to complete the Acquisition (including any consent required under any royalty
deeds and associated security documents);
•
the Company and the Vendor agreeing, in principle, to a preliminary budget for exploration on the Projects for the 24 months immediately following Completion; and
•
the Company obtaining all required regulatory approvals.
If any of the conditions are not satisfied or waived by on or around 1 February 2025 (unless otherwise agreed by the parties), completion of the Acquisition (Completion) may be deferred or may not
occur on the current terms at all. Some of those conditions precedent require consents or approvals by third parties. As with any condition precedent that involves third party consent or approval,
there can be no guarantee that such conditions precedent will be satisfied.
However, the Company is not currently aware of any reason why the conditions precedent would not be satisfied.
In circumstances where the Capital Raising has completed but the Acquisition does not completed (for example due to failure to satisfy a condition precedent), Benz will use the proceeds of any
subscriptions raised from the Capital Raising on supporting a rapid scale-up in gold exploration activities on existing projects (including the Eastmain Project) and on general working capital.
If Completion is delayed, Benz may incur additional costs and it may take longer than anticipated for Benz to realise the benefits of the Acquisition. Any failure to complete, or delay in completing the
Acquisition and/or any action required to be taken to return capital may have a material adverse effect on Benz's operational and financial performance and the price of its CDIs.
The SPA may also be terminated by Benz if the Vendor fails to complete as required under the SPA or if a material adverse change as defined under the SPA occurs in relation to the Vendor prior to
Completion.
Historical liabilities
risk
If the Acquisition completes, Benz may become directly or indirectly liable for any liabilities that Gascoyne or Egerton have incurred or were liable for in the past as a result of prior acts or omissions,
including liabilities which were not by due diligence, which are greater than expected, or for which sufficient protections were not included in the SPA or which form the basis of a claim under the SPA
which the Vendor does not or cannot meet. These could include liabilities relating to current or future litigation, regulatory actions warranties claims and other liabilities. Such liability may adversely
affect the financial position or performance of Benz after the Acquisition.
APPENDIX 4:
KEY RISKS
25
BENZ MINING CORP
Major shareholder
The Vendor, or another member of its company group, will, on Completion of the Acquisition hold at least 33 million CDIs in Benz. The Vendor's shareholding will represent approximately 15% of Benz's
issued share capital (including CDIs) on an undiluted basis following completion of the Acquisition and Capital Raising.
As the holder of approximately 15% of the CDIs on issue, the Vendor will have significant voting power following Completion of the Acquisition. There is a risk that investors will discount Benz's CDIs as
a result of the level of control being acquired by the Vendor, and the decreased likelihood of a third party making a takeover bid for Benz.
Integration, 
permitting and 
planning risk
The Acquisition involves the integration of the Glenburgh and Mt Egerton Projects which have previously operated independent to the Group. There is a risk that the integration may be more complex
than currently anticipated, encounter unexpected challenges or issues, take longer than expected, divert management attention or not deliver the expected benefits.
Analysis of 
acquisition 
opportunity
The Group has undertaken financial, tax, legal and commercial analysis on Gascoyne and Egerton, in order to determine the attractiveness of the Projects to the Group and whether to acquire it. It is
possible that despite such analysis and the best estimate assumptions made by Benz, the conclusions drawn are inaccurate or are not realised. To the extent that the actual results achieved by the
Acquisition are different to those indicated by the Group's analysis, there is a risk that the profitability and future earnings of the operations of the Group may be materially different from the
profitability and earnings expected as reflected in this presentation.
Contractual risk
Benz's ability to efficiently conduct its operations in a number of respects depends upon third party product and service providers and contracts. Accordingly, in some circumstances, contractual
arrangements have been entered into by Benz and its subsidiaries. As in any contractual relationship, the ability for Benz to ultimately receive benefits from these contracts is dependent upon the
relevant third party complying with its contractual obligations.
To the extent that such third parties default in their obligations, it may be necessary for Benz to enforce its rights under any of the contracts and pursue legal action. Such legal action may be costly
and no guarantee can be given by Benz that a legal remedy will ultimately be granted on appropriate terms.
Additionally, some existing contractual arrangements have been entered into by Benz and its subsidiaries may be subject to the consent of third parties being obtained to enable Benz to carry on all
of its planned business and other activities and to obtain full contractual benefits. No assurance can be given that any such required consent will be forthcoming. Failure by Benz to obtain such
consent may result in Benz not being able to carry on all of its planned business and other activities or proceed with its rights under any of the relevant contracts requiring such consent.
APPENDIX 4:
KEY RISKS
26
BENZ MINING CORP
GENERAL RISKS WITH AN INVESTMENT IN SECURITIES
General equity 
market and 
investment risk
Any investment in equity capital carries general risks. The trading price of Benz's CDIs on the ASX may fluctuate in line with equity capital market movements in Australia and internationally, or in
response to specific circumstances which may result in the market price being higher or lower than the Capital Raising price. Generally applicable factors which may affect the market price of Benz's
CDIs include:
• general movements in Australian and international stock markets (including volatility in comparable gold company share prices);
• investor sentiment;
• loss of key and delays in replacement force majeure events such as natural disasters extreme weather events, epidemics, pandemics (such as COVID- 19), war and terrorism;
• mine production and development problems including, cost over-runs grade problems high arsenic content, loss of key employees and other operating issues;
• volatility of gold prices; and
• instability and international hostilities announcement of new technologies recommendations and valuations by brokers and analysts changes in market valuations of other gold mining and 
exploration companies and future issues of Benz equity securities.
No assurance can be given that the [New CDIs] will trade at or above the Capital Raising price. None of Benz, its Board or any other person guarantees the market performance of the New CDIs.
Financial 
information and
forecasts
The forward looking statements, opinion and estimates provided in this Presentation, rely on various contingencies and assumptions. Various factors and risks known and unknown, many of which
are outside the control of the Group may impact the performance of the Group and cause actual performance to vary significantly from expected results. There can be no guarantee that the Group
will achieve its stated objectives or that forward looking statements or forecasts will prove to be accurate.
Other
The above risks should not be taken as a complete list of the risks associated with an investment in Benz. The risks outlined above and other risks not specifically referred to may in the future
materially adversely affect the value of Benz CDIs and their performance. Accordingly, no assurance or guarantee of future or profitability is given by Benz in Benz's CDIs.
APPENDIX 4:
KEY RISKS
