 
 
Address 
Level 2, 9 Havelock St 
West Perth WA 6005 
 
Postal Address 
PO Box 689 
West Perth WA 6872 
 
(08) 9481 8627 
enquiries@redhillminerals.com.au 
www.redhillminerals.com.au 
ABN 44 114 553 392 
 
 
 
5 July 2024 
 
Further Information 
Red Hill Minerals Limited (ASX: RHI) (Red Hill or the Company) advises that on 5 July 2024 it released 
an announcement to the ASX platform titled “Binding Heads of Agreement for Broken Hill & Olary 
projects”. The announcement referenced an existing non JORC compliant resource estimate at the 
Anabama Project. This attached amended announcement provides further information with respect to 
this estimate, including a Cautionary Statement, on page 4.   
All other details of the announcement remain the same. 
 
This announcement has been approved by the Board of Directors. 
 
Ira Gibbs 
Company Secretary 
 
 
 
Address 
Level 2, 9 Havelock St 
West Perth WA 6005 
 
Postal Address 
PO Box 689 
West Perth WA 6872 
 
(08) 9481 8627 
enquiries@redhillminerals.com.au 
www.redhillminerals.com.au 
ABN 44 114 553 392 
 
1 
 
 
5 July 2024 
 
Binding Heads of Agreement expands Red Hill’s exploration  
into the Broken Hill and Olary regions of NSW and SA 
Red Hill Minerals Limited (ASX: RHI) (Red Hill or the Company) is pleased to announce that it has 
executed a conditional binding Heads of Agreement with Peel Far West Pty Ltd, a subsidiary of ASX-
listed Peel Mining Limited (ASX: PEX) (Peel) to enter into a $6.5 million 5-year farm-in agreement for 
the exploration of the Curnamona Project.  
Highlights 
• 
Red Hill may earn a 75% interest by incurring $6.5 million in exploration expenditure during the 
farm-in period of up to five years. 
• 
Upon earning a 75% interest, a Joint Venture will be formed with Red Hill as the Manager. From 
this stage onwards, funding reverts to a standard contribute or dilute arrangement. 
• 
The Curnamona Project tenements cover over 1,460 km² of land holding in the Broken Hill 
province of New South Wales (Broken Hill Project) and across the border into South Australia 
(Anabama Project). 
• 
Red Hill considers the Broken Hill Project to have Tier 1 potential for Zinc-Lead-Silver deposits. 
The tenements host the highly prospective Willyama Supergroup and occurrences of interpreted 
Broken Hill Type mineralisation1.   
• 
The Anabama Project is prospective for Copper/Gold and contains an existing non JORC 
compliant resource estimate of 4.2Mt at 0.52% Copper reported by Placer Exploration Ltd2.  
Figure 1: The Curnamona Project Tenements
 
 
 
 
2 
Red Hill’s Executive Chairman, Joshua Pitt, said: “The Curnamona tenements provide Red Hill with an 
opportunity to explore for Tier 1 Zinc-Lead-Silver deposits throughout the highly prospective Broken Hill 
region and an opportunity to advance a proven copper target at Anabama in South Australia. Red Hill is 
looking forward to working closely with Peel to apply systematic and innovative exploration approaches 
to unlock value from these tenements. The Company is excited to progress exploration of the 
Curnamona tenements in parallel with the West Pilbara Gold and Base Metals Project and will continue 
to assess future projects to add to the exploration portfolio”. 
Key terms of the Heads of Agreement are included in the attachment to his announcement. 
 
The parties intend to put in place a separate contracting agreement where Red Hill may utilise Peel’s 
existing team for exploration related activities. 
 
This announcement has been approved by the Board of Directors.  
 
Michael Wall 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
Material Terms of the Heads of Agreement 
The 
Transaction 
Red Hill, or its wholly owned subsidiary, may earn an initial 75% Joint Venture Interest in the 
Curnamona Project Tenements (Tenements) by spending $6.5 million on exploration during the 
farm-in period and the Parties will then form the Joint Venture in respect of the Tenements. 
Conditions 
Precedent 
The Transaction is subject to the following conditions precedent (Conditions):  
• 
execution of a Formal Agreement consistent with the terms of the Heads of Agreement;  
• 
completion of due diligence on the Tenements and the Transaction to the satisfaction 
of Red Hill, acting reasonably and confirmation of certain tenure; and 
• 
renewal of Tenement EL8877. 
The Parties must use their respective reasonable endeavours to ensure that all Conditions are 
satisfied as soon as practicable after execution of this Heads of Agreement, unless a Condition 
is expressly waived in writing by Red Hill. 
Peel has agreed to deal exclusively with Red Hill in this period in regard to the right to acquire 
an interest in the Tenements. 
Farm-in 
On satisfaction of the Conditions, Red Hill, or its wholly owned subsidiary, will have the exclusive 
right to earn a 75% JV Interest in the Tenements (Initial JV Interest) by spending $6.5 million 
on in-ground expenditure on the Tenements over a farm-in period of up to 5 years. 
Minimum 
commitment 
Red Hill must incur a minimum of $1.5 million on in-ground expenditure over the initial 24 months 
of the farm-in period, as may be extended by the Parties, before it is entitled to withdraw.   
Joint 
Venture 
On Red Hill earning the Initial JV Interest, Red Hill and Peel will form an unincorporated joint 
venture (Joint Venture) for the exploration and evaluation and, if warranted, development and 
exploitation of all minerals within the Tenements. 
The initial participating interests of the Parties (Participating Interests) will be: 
Red Hill 
75% 
Peel 
 
25% 
(each a Participant while it holds a Participating Interest). 
Manager 
Red Hill will be the initial Manager of the Joint Venture. 
Dilution 
Standard dilution provisions will be included in the Formal Agreement relating to optional 
dilution. 
If a Participant’s Participating Interest dilutes to 10% or less, that Participant must, within 30 
days of notification, elect: 
• 
for its Participating Interest to revert to a 1.5% Net Smelter Return (NSR) Royalty on all 
minerals extracted and sold from the Tenements; or 
• 
to offer to sell its Participating Interest to the other Participant. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
4 
Additional Information in terms of ASX Mining FAQ 37 regarding the non JORC compliant 
Anabama Project resource estimate 
• 
The non JORC compliant mineral resource estimate of 4.2Mt at 0.52% Copper was reported by 
Placer Exploration Ltd. 
• 
The report containing the estimate is titled “Annual Report for the Period 16 April 1993 to 15 May 
1997”, dated 1997, Placer Exploration Ltd, Australia. The report can be found in Open File 
Envelope No. 8787 on the Government of South Australia Energy and Mining search platform. 
• 
This mineral resource estimate is non JORC compliant and may not conform to the requirements 
in the JORC Code 2012. 
• 
Nothing has come to the attention of the Company that causes it to question the accuracy or 
reliability of the estimate. The Company has not relied on the estimate by reference to any of the 
criteria in Table 1 of the JORC Code since the estimate is non JORC 2012 compliant.  
• 
The summary of the methodologies and assumptions used to prepare the estimate is contained 
in the Placer Exploration Annual Report referenced above. 
• 
The Company is not aware of any more recent estimates or data relevant to the reported mineral 
estimate. 
• 
The Company has not assessed the evaluation and/or exploration work, or timing thereof, that 
may need to be completed to report the estimate as a mineral resource estimate in accordance 
with the JORC Code 2012. 
• 
A statement by a Competent Person has not been made with regards to the accurate 
representation of the historical mineral resource estimate.  
 
Cautionary Statement 
The information in this report that relates to the Anabama Project historical resource estimate is based 
on information compiled by Placer Exploration Ltd and is not reported in accordance with the JORC 
Code 2012. A Competent Person has not done sufficient work to classify the estimates of the historical 
mineral resource estimate in accordance with JORC Code 2012. It is possible that following evaluation 
and/or further exploration work, the currently reported historical estimates may materially change and 
hence will need to be reported afresh under and in accordance with the JORC Code 2012. Nothing has 
come to the attention of the Company that causes it to question the accuracy or reliability of the historical 
estimates. The Company has not independently validated the former owners, being Placer Exploration 
Ltd, estimates and therefore is not to be regarded as reporting, adopting or endorsing those estimates. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
References 
 
1 PlatSearch NL, 2005, Annual Report for Exploration Licence 6404 “Mundi Plains” for the period 20 April 2005 to 19 April 2006, PlatSearch 
NL, Australia.  
2 Placer Exploration Ltd, 1997, Annual Report for the Period 16 April 1993 to 15 May 1997, Placer Exploration Ltd, Australia. 
 
