  
 
ASX Release 
 
 
4 December 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Office Address 
159 Stirling Hwy  
Nedlands, WA, 6009 
info@octavaminerals.com 
Projects 
Yallalong – antimony, gold & nickel 
Byro - REE & lithium  
East Pilbara (Talga) – lithium & gold 
East Kimberley – nickel & PGM’s 
Board Members 
Clayton Dodd – Chairman 
Damon O’Meara – Non – Executive Director 
Feiyu Qi – Non – Executive Director 
Bevan Wakelam – Managing Director / CEO 
OCTAVA REACHES SALES AGREEMENT OVER TALGA TO FOCUS ON 
ITS HIGH GRADE YALLALONG ANTIMONY PROJECT 
 
Highlights 
 Octava Minerals (ASX:OCT) has reached agreement with Global Lithium 
Resources (ASX:GL1) for the sale of the Talga Project in the Pilbara. 
 
 Global Lithium to pay Octava $200,000 in cash and $200,000 worth of 
Global Lithium ordinary shares for 100% of the project.  
 
 Global Lithium has a large tenement holding adjoining the Talga 
Project to the south that includes the Archer Lithium resource (18Mt @ 
1% Li2O) and highly prospective gold and base metals targets.  
 
Octava Minerals Ltd (ASX:OCT) (“Octava” or the “Company”), a Western Australia focused explorer 
of the new energy metals antimony, REE’s, Lithium and gold, is pleased to report that it has reached 
agreement with Global Lithium Resources Limited for the 100% sale of the Talga Project in the 
Pilbara region of Western Australia. Talga is highly prospective for gold, base metals and lithium 
and is located in a region known for gold and base metal discoveries. 
 
Octava’s Managing Director Bevan Wakelam stated: 
 
”We are pleased to have reached agreement with the team at Global Lithium over the Talga 
project. This will allow Octava to focus on its Yallalong antimony project and the Byro Rare Earth 
project both in the mid-west of Western Australia. 
 
The transaction provides the best opportunity for unlocking potential gold and base metal 
resources at Talga by combining the two highly prospective areas that are adjoining, while 
retaining an interest via our shareholding. Combining the two landholdings creates a 12 km trend 
of anomalous gold in soils running from Razorback at Talga west to Twin Veins and Douglas Find 
prospects held by Global. Talga is also prospective for base metals.” 
 
 
Drill Programs at Yallalong and Byro 
 
Drilling is underway at the Yallalong antimony project targeting high grade antimony at prospects, 
Discovery and Central, with No.4 and North targets to be drilled in the new year. 
 
Metallurgical core drilling at Byro is well underway with samples to undergo metallurgical recovery 
testwork. 
 
 
 
ASX:OCT 
 
Talga Project 
Talga holds potential for the location and discovery of intrusion related gold and orogenic lode gold 
deposits and base metals. The project covers prospective and mineralised Archaean greenstone 
/granite terranes in the Pilbara. A number of gold and base metal prospect targets have been 
identified and have exhibited encouraging mineralisation. 
 
Figure 1. Tenements held within the Marble Bar Project Area, including newly acquired ‘Talga Project’ tenements from 
Octava Minerals Ltd. (refer ASX:GL1 release 4.12.2024) 
Both the Bamboo Creek gold deposit, 15km to the east and the Warrawoona gold mine 40km to the 
south are located within the same greenstone stratigraphy. 
 
The sale of the Talga Project provides Octava with the opportunity to focus its exploration efforts at 
Yallalong and Byro whilst retaining some exposure to the Talga Project via the shares to be issued in 
part consideration and in addition provides exposure to the other Global Lithium assets. 
 
 
 
ASX:OCT 
Key terms of the Sales Agreement 
Global Lithium Resources Limited through its 100% owned subsidiary will acquire 100% of the seven 
Talga Project tenements for consideration of $200,000 in cash and $200,000 in Global Lithium ordinary 
shares based on the 5-day VWAP prior to completion. 
 
This announcement has been authorised for release by the Managing Director/CEO. 
 
For more information, please contact:  
Investor Enquiries 
 
 
 
 
 
 
MD /CEO  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Chairman  
Bevan Wakelam  
 
 
 
 
 
Clayton Dodd 
info@octavaminerals.com 
 
 
 
 
info@octavaminerals.com 
 
 
About Octava Minerals Ltd 
Octava Minerals Limited (ASX:OCT) is a Western Australian based new energy metals exploration and 
development company. The Company has 4 strategically located projects in geographically proven 
discovery areas in Western Australia.  
 
Forward looking Statements 
This announcement includes certain “forward looking statements”. All statements, other than 
statements of historical fact, are forward looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 
There can be no assurances that such statements will prove accurate, and actual results and future 
events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Such information 
contained herein represents management’s best judgement as of the date hereof based on 
information currently available. The Company does not assume any obligation to update forward 
looking statements. 
Competent Person Statement  
The information in this report that relates to Exploration Results is based on information compiled 
by Lyndal Money, a Competent Person who is a Member of the Australasian Institute of Mining and 
Metallurgy. Ms. Money is a full-time employee of Octava Minerals Limited, who has sufficient 
experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration 
and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 edition 
of the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. 
Ms. Money consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on this information in the 
form and context in which it appears.  
Where the Company references exploration results previously released it confirms it is not aware of 
any new information or data that materially effects the information included in the relevant market 
announcement. The form and context in which the Competent Person’s findings are presented have 
not been materially modified from the original market announcement. 
