17 February 2025
ASX Limited - Company Announcements Platform
RAPID LITHIUM LIMITED (ASX: RLL)
COMPLETION OF DUE DILIGENCE FOR THE ACQUISITION OF THE HIGHLY
PROSPECTIVE PROPHET RIVER GALLIUM-GERMANIUM PROJECT
Rapid Lithium Limited (‘Rapid Lithium’ or ‘Company’) is pleased to announce the
successful completion of its due diligence investigations in respect of its proposed
acquisition from Broadstone of certain mineral claims that comprise the Prophet River Ga-
Ge Project located in British Columbia, Canada (Transaction).
The mineral claims making up the Prophet River project are targeting the exploration and
development of zinc, gallium and germanium, and consist of a 100% interest in 2,110 Ha
(21km2).
Historical exploration at the Prophet River project includes 21 drill holes, and bulk
sampling. Results from the Nose zone returned up to 22.69% Zn, 40g/t Ga, 1,500g/t Ge
and 0.36% Pb.
Notably, rock chip samples from the Prophet River project include some of the highest
germanium values recorded globally, underpinning it as a key strategic project.
Germanium and gallium are high value strategic metals used in the technology sector,
semi-conductors, fibre-optics, solar cells, magnets, batteries and LEDs with recent
increases in commodity prices – China has banned the export of germanium and gallium
making it a key strategic metal of high value.
Recent market disruptions and changes to Chinese export controls in August 2023 has
seen a doubling of the gallium price in recent years which the Board believes presents a
favourable environment for exploration at present1.
1 Full details of the Transaction including a summary of the consideration payable, a Competent Persons Statement and relevant
exploration results are contained within the Company’s announcement to the ASX on 20 December 2024. Rapid Lithium is not aware
of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the Company’s announcement of 20 December 2024.
RAPID LITHIUM LTD 1
Level 10, Kyle House, 27-31 Macquarie Place
Sydney NSW 2000
ACN: 649292080

The Board looks forward to providing a further update upon the execution of long form
binding documentation which is expected to occur in the coming weeks.
This announcement has been authorised on behalf of the Rapid Lithium Limited Board by:
Martin Holland, Managing Director.
-ENDS-
For further information, please contact:
Martin C Holland – Managing Director
Rapid Lithium Limited
E: mch148@outlook.com
Level 10, Kyle House,
27-31 Macquarie Place, Sydney
NSW 2000

