INVESTOR PRESENTATION
ACQUISITION OF THE STRATEGIC PROPHET
RIVER GE-GA PROJECT
Prophet River, British Columbia, Canada – Brownfields Exploration Project
Strategic Metals – Germanium and Gallium
FEBRUARY 2025
ASX: RLL This presentation has been approved by the Board of Rapid Lithium Limited

IMPORTANT NOTICE AND DISCLAIMER
Not for release to US wire services or distribution in the United States.
This investor presentation has been prepared by Rapid Lithium Limited (Rapid Lithium).
This presentation is for information purposes only. This presentation has been prepared as an overview of the Prophet River Germanium-Gallium Project, located in British Columbia,
Canada (the Project). This presentation is not intended to provide an exhaustive overview of the Project and the information contained in this presentation has been compiled and
reviewed by the Competent Person. This presentation is not a prospectus nor an offer for securities in any jurisdiction nor a securities recommendation. The information in this presentation is
an overview and in summary form, has not been independently verified and does not contain all information necessary for investment decisions. The information in this presentation is
general in nature and does not purport to be complete, nor does it contain all the information which a prospective investor may require in evaluating a possible investment in Rapid
Lithium. This presentation does not constitute investment advice and has been prepared without taking into account the recipient’s investment objectives, financial circumstances or
particular needsand the opinions and recommendations in this presentation are not intended to represent recommendations of particular investmentsto particular persons. An investor
must not act on the basis ofany matter included in this presentation but must make its own assessment of Rapid Lithium and its business and conduct its owninvestigations and analysis.
The information contained in this presentation has been prepared in good faith by Rapid Lithium, however no representation or warranty expressed or implied is made by Rapid Lithium, its
related bodies corporate, and each of their directors, officers, employees, and advisers as to the accuracy, correctness, completeness or adequacy of any statements, estimates,
opinions or other information contained in this presentation. Rapid Lithium is not responsible for providing updated informationand assumes no responsibility to do so. Recipients should
conduct their own investigations, perform their own analysis and consult their own legal, business and/or financial advisers in order tosatisfy themselves as to the accuracy and
completeness of the information, statements and opinions contained in this presentation.
To the maximum extent permitted by law, Rapid Lithium, its related bodies corporate, and each of their directors, officers, employees, and advisers disclaim all liabilities (however caused,
including negligence) for any loss or damage which may be suffered by any person through the use or reliance on anything contained in or omitted in this presentation.
Certain information in this presentation refers to the intentions of Rapid Lithium, but these are not intended to be forecasts, forward looking statements or statements about future matters
for the purposes of the Corporations Act 2001or any other applicable law. Forward-looking statements and the occurrence of events in the future are subject to risks, uncertainties and
other factors that may cause Rapid Lithium’s actual results, performance or achievements to differ from those referred to in this presentation. Accordingly, Rapid Lithium, its related bodies
corporate, and each of their its directors, officers, employees, agents and advisers do not give any assurance or guarantee thatthe occurrence of the events referred to in the
presentation will actually occuras contemplated.
Competent Persons Statement
The information in this announcement that relates to exploration results is based on information compiled by Mr. Zhonghua Pan, aCompetent Person and a member of Engineers and
Geoscientists British Columbia, Canada (Registration number: 62496). Mr. Pan has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under
consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral
Resources and Ore Reserves (JORC 2012). Mr. Pan is the principal geologist and director at JP-Ant Geoconsulting Ltd.
Mr. Pan consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.
February 2025 | Rapid Lithium Limited 2

PROJECT HIGHIGHTS
Regional shot of the Black Hills Area”
3

Major Highlights
Strategic Zinc / Germanium / Gallium Project
Gallium prices have surged in recent years, primarily due to increased demand in the electronics and semiconductor
industries
Uses of Ga include the manufacture of compound semiconductor wafers that are used in integrated circuits and
optoelectronic devices including laser diodes, light-emitting diodes (LEDs), photodetectors, and solar cells
Gallium's unique properties, such as its low melting point and ability to form useful compounds, makes it a critical element
with applications spanning various industries, particularly in advanced technology and electronics
The global gallium market is heavily dominated by China, with other countries playing much smaller roles. Currently China
produces approximately 98% of the world's supply of raw gallium
Strategic Zinc / Germanium / Gallium Project
The Prophet River Project is located in British Columbia with prior exploration demonstrating the high-grade nature of the Zinc,
Germanium and Gallium mineralisation:
• 21 previous drill holes completed with bulk samples from two zones graded up to 22.69% Zn, 40 g/t Ga, 1,500ppm Ge and
0.36% Pb*
• 100% interest in 2,110 Ha (21km2) covering the historic Cay Mine and surrounding prospective areas
• Germanium and Gallium are exceptionally high value strategic metals used in the technology sector, semi-conductors,
fibre-optics, solar cells, magnets, batteries and LEDs with recent increases in commodity prices – China has banned the
export of Germanium and Gallium making it a key strategic metal of high value
• Prophet River bulk samples reported some of the highest Germanium values recorded globally – a key strategic project
Experienced team and global demand
Collectively our management and Board has the pedigree to find and progress resources projects on a global stage
Recent market disruptions including Chinese export controls in August 2023 has seen a significant increase in the Gallium price
* Refer to ASX Announcement dated 20 December 2024

TABLE:
Strategic Zinc / Germanium / Gallium Project
Gallium prices have surged in recent years, primarily due to increased demand in the electronics and semiconductor
industries
Uses of Ga include the manufacture of compound semiconductor wafers that are used in integrated circuits and
optoelectronic devices including laser diodes, light-emitting diodes (LEDs), photodetectors, and solar cells
Gallium's unique properties, such as its low melting point and ability to form useful compounds, makes it a critical element
with applications spanning various industries, particularly in advanced technology and electronics
The global gallium market is heavily dominated by China, with other countries playing much smaller roles. Currently China
produces approximately 98% of the world's supply of raw gallium

TABLE:
Strategic Zinc / Germanium / Gallium Project
The Prophet River Project is located in British Columbia with prior exploration demonstrating the high-grade nature of the Zinc,
Germanium and Gallium mineralisation:
• 21 previous drill holes completed with bulk samples from two zones graded up to 22.69% Zn, 40 g/t Ga, 1,500ppm Ge and
0.36% Pb*
• 100% interest in 2,110 Ha (21km2) covering the historic Cay Mine and surrounding prospective areas
• Germanium and Gallium are exceptionally high value strategic metals used in the technology sector, semi-conductors,
fibre-optics, solar cells, magnets, batteries and LEDs with recent increases in commodity prices – China has banned the
export of Germanium and Gallium making it a key strategic metal of high value
• Prophet River bulk samples reported some of the highest Germanium values recorded globally – a key strategic project

TABLE:
Experienced team and global demand
Collectively our management and Board has the pedigree to find and progress resources projects on a global stage
Recent market disruptions including Chinese export controls in August 2023 has seen a significant increase in the Gallium price

Prophet River Ge/Ga Project
▪ The Prophet River Project is located in British
Columbia with prior exploration
demonstrating the high-grade nature of the
Zinc, Germanium and Gallium
mineralisation:
▪ 21 previous drill holes completed with
Prophet River
bulk samples from the Nose Zone Ge/Ga Project
grading 22.69% Zn, 40 g/t Ga,
1,500ppm Ge and 0.36% Pb*
▪ 100% interest in 2,110 Ha (21km2) covering
the historic Cay Mine and surrounding
prospective areas
▪ Germanium and Gallium are exceptionally
high value strategic metals used in the
technology sector, semi-conductors, fibre-
optics, solar cells, magnets, batteries and
LEDs with recent increases in commodity
prices – China has banned the export of
Germanium and Gallium making it a key
strategic metal of high value
▪ Prophet River bulk samples reported some
of the highest Germanium values recorded
Figure 1: Project location map. Prophet River Germanium-Gallium Project, British Columbia, Canada
globally – a key strategic project
* Refer to ASX Announcement dated 20 December 2024

Prophet River Ge/Ga Project
▪ Wolverine Zone bulk sample assayed 6.28% Zn, 0.36%
Pb, 400ppm Ge, 30ppm Ga over 2.1m
▪ Nose Zone bulk sample assayed 22.69% Zn, 1,500ppm
Ge, 40ppm Ga over 1.3m
▪ Approximately 55km from nearby highway
▪ Targeting Robb Lake Belt Zn – Pb in Siluro-Devonian
carbonate rocks
▪ Germanium and Gallium associated with sulphides
facies that may be amenable to flotation
Figure 2: Historic drill hole locations and results. Bulk
sampling locations and results also shown. Prophet
River Ga-Ge project

Major Mineralised System
▪ Target geological formation is the mineralised Dunedin Formation
which strikes in an approximate North-South direction
▪ Soil sampling has highlighted a major mineralised system striking more
than 1 km with soil samples >1,000 ppm Zn being identified
▪ Mineralisation remains open to the north and south under cover due
to the plunge of the anticline and the topography preserving the
stratigraphy
▪ Two parallel mineralised bodies have been identified at the project
with both the Nose Zone and Alpha Zone bulk-samples collected on
the parallel formation – note that Alpha Zone sits outside of the
licence boundaries inside the Northern Rocky Mountains Park – all
other licences sit outside the boundary of the Northern Rocky
Mountains Park
▪ Zinc soil anomaly has not been adequately tested with further soil
sampling, trenching and drilling to be conducted
▪ Germanium and Gallium associated with the zinc sulphides with
further high-grade discoveries still to be made
Figure 3: Historic soil sampling grid and contoured results. Zinc geochemical anomaly highlighted
across the mineralised Dunedin Formation. Mineralised system remains open in both directions. Bulk
sampling location and results also shown. Prophet River Ga-Ge project

Under-explored Mineralised Zones
▪ Historical exploration has been focused on drilling and sampling in and around the bulk
sampling areas demonstrating high-grade results for zinc, germanium and gallium
▪ Follow-up exploration campaigns are planned to extend the zinc soil anomaly both in
a north and south direction as well as undertake trenching across the width of the
mineralised Dunedin Formation
▪ Depending on the success of the trenching, high-confidence drill targets will be
prioritised and initial reconnaissance drilling will be undertaken
▪ Modern geophysical techniques have not been applied at the Prophet River Project
▪ Geophysics is a fast and efficient exploration method which is expected to
demonstrate significant exploration potential and extensions of the mineralised
horizons given the high sulphide and carbonate presence
▪ Early indication metallurgical testwork will also be conducted designed to demonstrate
the potential to separate the Germanium and Gallium from the Zinc mineralisation
▪ Previous exploration work has indicated that this belt of Devonian lithology is a
favourable host for lead-zinc-gallium-germanium mineralisation
Figure 4: Historic soil sampling grid and contoured results. Zinc geochemical anomaly highlighted across the mineralised
Dunedin Formation. Geological descriptions also included highlighting under-explored nature of the project and the significant
exploration upside. Prophet River Ga-Ge project

Planned Work Program and Near-Term
Catalysts
DEVELOPMENT &
PRODUCTION
RESOURCE
• Strategic development and down-stream
processing capabilities to drive the Prophet River
DISCOVERY
Ge-Ga Project forward
TARGETED • Alliance with key North American strategic
parties benefiting from the “domestic”
• RC and Diamond drilling to deliver a maiden production capability
EXPLORATION
MRE for Prophet River Ge-Ga Project
• Focus is on the development of a bulk tonnage
• Advance pipeline of prospects to drilling and low-cost open pit mining operation
status
• Progressive development and exploration of
• Phased drilling approach across RC and
• Prospect mapping and rock chip sampling other complimentary and strategic project
Diamond to ensure adequacy of data and
areas
• Follow up bulk sampling and geophysics testing of all high-priority targets
• Potential to collaborate with other operations in
• Project wide stream sediment and soil sampling • Continue to build on initial MRE at Prophet
the nearby area and create a multi-
River and develop the project for a
• Phase 1 trenching and follow on trenching of standalone operation benefiting from the generational mining project for the benefit of
high priority targets existing infrastructure and proximity to local communities
nearby projects and operations
• Definition of drill targets • Significant in-country opportunities including
training, skills development and education

Investment Summary
▪ Right Commodities: Zinc + Germanium + Gallium - Future Facing Battery Critical Metals
▪ Right Place: stable, safe and mining friendly British Columbia
▪ Licences are all held in areas that are adjacent to and along strike of proven JORC (2012) resources and operating mines /
advanced deposits
▪ Germanium and Gallium are exceptionally high value strategic metals used in the technology sector, semi-conductors, fibre-
optics, solar cells, magnets, batteries and LEDs with recent increases in commodity prices – China has banned the export of
Germanium and Gallium making it a key strategic metal of high value
▪ Follow up drill targets already identified at the Prophet River Zinc + Germanium/Gallium project
• Prophet River bulk samples reported some of the highest Germanium values recorded globally – a key strategic project
▪ Clear Plan to deliver: resource delineation and new discoveries
▪ Experienced management team with expertise in exploration, mineral resource/reserve delineation, feasibility studies, mine
development and production in Canada
▪ Rapid is well funded and positioned strongly to execute on its exploration strategy focused on advanced lithium exploration on its
fully permitted private land in South Dakota and initial exploration at the Prophet River Gallium-Germanium project in British
Columbia
▪ Acquisition terms for the Prophet River Project consists of CAD$130,000 payable in cash and 133,333,334 shares with the Vendors
agreeing to staged escrow holding conditions up to 10 months ensuring alignment of Shareholder and Vendor interests focused on
advancing exploration at the project

BOARD OF DIRECTORS
Rick Anthon Martin Holland Michael Schlumpberger Michael McNeilly Daniel Smith
Chairman Managing Director COO & Executive Director Non-Executive Director Non-Executive Director
30+ years experience 15+ years experience 30+ years experience 15+ years experience 15+ years experience
Rick is a lawyer with over 30 years’ Martin is a mining executive with over 15 Mike is an accomplished mining executive Michael is the CEO of Strata Investment Mr Smith holds a Bachelor of Arts, is a
experience in both corporate and years of corporate experience. Mr Holland having covered a number of GM, COO and Holdings plc, an ASX (SRT) listed natural Fellow of the Governance Institute of
commercial law practicing exclusively in is founder and Executive Chairman of CEO roles in multiple American mining resources investing company. Michael has Australia, and has over 15 years’
the resource sector. Cobre. (ASX: CBE). companies. been at the helm of Strata since 2016 and primary and secondary capital markets
oversaw the company’s monetisation of its expertise.
He has worked both as a Director and In addition Mr. Holland is a non executive He has a strong operational background
minority joint venture interest in MOD
adviser to numerous resource director of Rapid Lithium Limited (ASX: having been in charge of exploration, of He is a director and co-founder of
resources. This resulted in over A$40m of
companies and has extensive project RLL) and the founder and former CEO of SK-1300 Resources and Reserves, Minerva Corporate, a boutique
new shares in Sandfire Resources Limited
planning, acquisition and development, Lithium Power International (ASX: LPI). permitting, surface and underground corporate services and advisory firm. He
(ASX:SFR) as well as a 2% NSR over
capital raising and corporate governance mining, milling, and reclamation. has advised on and been involved in
Mr. Holland has listed five ASX-listed 8,000km² of the Kalahari Copperbelt.
skills. over a dozen IPOs/RTOs on the ASX,
exploration companies and has been an He is an instructor at the South Dakota
Michael is an experienced corporate AIM and NSX.
Rick is the Non-Executive Chairman of executive director in multiple companies School of Mines covering Mining
financier having previously worked at
Greenwing Resources Limited and a that have collectively raised over Engineering and Management.
Arden Partners (AIM:ARDN) and Allenby
Non-Executive Director of Laneway A$200M+ for exploration, focusing on new
He holds a BSc (Mining Engineering) Capital in London.
Resources Limited. future metals discoveries.
Missouri University of Science and
Technology and MBA East Carolina
University.
February 2025 | Rapid Lithium Limited
11

TABLE:
Rick Anthon
Chairman
30+ years experience
Rick is a lawyer with over 30 years’
experience in both corporate and
commercial law practicing exclusively in
the resource sector.
He has worked both as a Director and
adviser to numerous resource
companies and has extensive project
planning, acquisition and development,
capital raising and corporate governance
skills.
Rick is the Non-Executive Chairman of
Greenwing Resources Limited and a
Non-Executive Director of Laneway
Resources Limited.

TABLE:
Martin Holland
Managing Director
15+ years experience
Martin is a mining executive with over 15
years of corporate experience. Mr Holland
is founder and Executive Chairman of
Cobre. (ASX: CBE).
In addition Mr. Holland is a non executive
director of Rapid Lithium Limited (ASX:
RLL) and the founder and former CEO of
Lithium Power International (ASX: LPI).
Mr. Holland has listed five ASX-listed
exploration companies and has been an
executive director in multiple companies
that have collectively raised over
A$200M+ for exploration, focusing on new
future metals discoveries.

TABLE:
Michael Schlumpberger
COO & Executive Director
30+ years experience
Mike is an accomplished mining executive
having covered a number of GM, COO and
CEO roles in multiple American mining
companies.
He has a strong operational background
having been in charge of exploration, of
SK-1300 Resources and Reserves,
permitting, surface and underground
mining, milling, and reclamation.
He is an instructor at the South Dakota
School of Mines covering Mining
Engineering and Management.
He holds a BSc (Mining Engineering)
Missouri University of Science and
Technology and MBA East Carolina
University.

TABLE:
Michael McNeilly
Non-Executive Director
15+ years experience
Michael is the CEO of Strata Investment
Holdings plc, an ASX (SRT) listed natural
resources investing company. Michael has
been at the helm of Strata since 2016 and
oversaw the company’s monetisation of its
minority joint venture interest in MOD
resources. This resulted in over A$40m of
new shares in Sandfire Resources Limited
(ASX:SFR) as well as a 2% NSR over
8,000km² of the Kalahari Copperbelt.
Michael is an experienced corporate
financier having previously worked at
Arden Partners (AIM:ARDN) and Allenby
Capital in London.

TABLE:
Daniel Smith
Non-Executive Director
15+ years experience
Mr Smith holds a Bachelor of Arts, is a
Fellow of the Governance Institute of
Australia, and has over 15 years’
primary and secondary capital markets
expertise.
He is a director and co-founder of
Minerva Corporate, a boutique
corporate services and advisory firm. He
has advised on and been involved in
over a dozen IPOs/RTOs on the ASX,
AIM and NSX.

To explore further, please contact:
Rapid Lithium Limited
Level 10
27 Macquarie Place
Sydney, NSW, 2000
Australia
https://rapidlithium.com.au/
For more details, please contact Martin Holland: Info@rapidlithium.com ASX: RLL

TABLE:
To explore further, please contact:
Rapid Lithium Limited
Level 10
27 Macquarie Place
Sydney, NSW, 2000
Australia
https://rapidlithium.com.au/
For more details, please contact Martin Holland: Info@rapidlithium.com ASX: RLL | 

