ASX Release 10 March 2025
Boss takes option over uranium
exploration project in the NT
The earn-in agreement with Eclipse Metals gives Boss exposure to the upside
at the Liverpool Project in the Alligator Rivers Uranium Field
Highlights
• Boss and the Eclipse Group have entered into an option and earn-in agreement (Agreement) for
the Liverpool Uranium Project in the highly prospective Alligator Rivers Uranium Field
• The Agreement provides Boss with an option, exercisable over a 12-month period, to earn up
to 80% of the Project in return for Boss spending $250,000 in expenditure on the Project during
the 12-month option period
• Upon exercising the option, Boss can earn-in up to an 80% interest in the Project by funding
$8M of exploration expenditure over a seven year period (split into two stages)
• Boss has a further option to purchase an additional 10% interest in the Project (thereby
increasing its aggregate interest in the Project to 90%) for $50 million upon completion of the
earn-in arrangement
Boss Energy Limited (ASX: BOE; OTCQX: BQSSF) (Boss Energy, Boss or the Company) is pleased to
announce it has entered into an Option and Earn-in Agreement (Agreement) with Eclipse Metals Ltd (ASX:
EPM) (Eclipse Metals) and its wholly owned subsidiary North Minerals Pty Ltd (together, the Eclipse
Group), in respect of the Liverpool Uranium Project (Project), located in the highly prospective Alligator
River Uranium Field in the Northern Territory.
The Project comprises five exploration licences covering an area of 1,229km2. Previous exploration of the
tenements has yielded several high-grade uranium assays in rock chips and numerous radiometric
anomalies remain untested. The Project is considered prospective for unconformity-type uranium
mineralisation.
In consideration for the Eclipse Group granting the option, Boss has agreed to commit $250,000 to fund
exploration activities during the 12-month option period and intends to use these funds to complete
mineral prospectivity mapping, target generation and validation of the existing targets. Upon exercising
the option, Boss can earn an initial 49% interest in the Project by spending $3 million on the Project within
3 years and a further 31% interest (total 80%) by spending $5 million on the Project within a further 4
years. Boss Energy will assume operational control over the Project during the earn-in stages. During the
initial earn-in stage, Boss has a minimum commitment of $1.5 million in exploration expenditure before
it could withdraw from the Project.
Once Boss has earnt the initial 49% interest in the Project, Boss and the Eclipse Group will form an
unincorporated joint venture to govern the future exploration and development of the Project.
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT:
Boss Energy Limited Duncan Craib - Managing Director/ CEO ASX: BOE
ABN 38 116 834 336 +61 (08) 6263 4494 OTCQX: BQSSF
Level 1, 420 Hay Street, Subiaco Paul Armstrong – Public Relations www.bossenergy.com
Western Australia 6008 +61 (08) 9388 1474 @Boss_Energy

TABLE:
FOR FURTHER INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT: |  | 
Boss Energy Limited | Duncan Craib - Managing Director/ CEO | ASX: BOE
ABN 38 116 834 336 | +61 (08) 6263 4494 | OTCQX: BQSSF
Level 1, 420 Hay Street, Subiaco | Paul Armstrong – Public Relations | www.bossenergy.com
Western Australia 6008 | +61 (08) 9388 1474 | @Boss_Energy
 |  | 
 |  | 
 |  | 

During the first earn-in period, Boss Energy and the Eclipse Group must negotiate in good faith and use
all reasonable endeavours to enter into a long-form earn-in and joint venture agreement.
Further information on the Agreement can be found at: www.eclipsemetals.com.au/investors/announcements/
Boss Managing Director Duncan Craib said: “We look forward to working with Eclipse Metals on unlocking
the exploration potential of the Liverpool Project in the Northern Territory. The Agreement has been
structured so we can systematically progress the work through a number of stages and decision points.
Boss has developed some leading uranium exploration technical capacity, and we look forward to applying
this at the Liverpool Project.”
This ASX announcement was approved and authorised by the Board of Boss Energy Limited.
For further information, contact: For media enquiries, contact:
Duncan Craib Paul Armstrong
Chief Executive Officer Read Corporate
P: +61 (8) 6263 4494 P: +61 (8) 9388 1474
E: boss@bossenergy.com E: info@readcorporate.com
Forward-Looking Statements
This announcement includes forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based
on the Company’s expectations and beliefs concerning future events. Forward-looking statements are
necessarily subject to risks, uncertainties, and other factors, many of which are outside the control of Boss
Energy, which could cause actual results to differ materially from such statements. Boss Energy makes no
undertaking to subsequently update or revise the forward-looking statements made in this
announcement, to reflect the circumstances or events after the date of this announcement.
ASX: BOE OTCQX: BQSSF www.bossenergy.com @Boss_Energy

