13 August 2024
Completion of Eagle Downs transactions
1 
Highlights 
•
Stanmore has successfully completed the acquisitions from South32 and Aquila, and now owns and controls
100% of the Eagle Downs Project
•
Work has commenced to review Eagle Downs and consider the most capital efficient approach to any
development decision with regards to the project
Stanmore Resources Limited (“Stanmore” or the “Company”) (ASX:SMR) refers to its announcements dated 12 
February 2024 regarding execution of a definitive sale and purchase agreement with a wholly-owned subsidiary of 
South32 for the acquisition of a 50% interest in the Eagle Downs Metallurgical Coal Joint Venture and 100% of the 
shares in Eagle Downs Coal Management Pty Ltd and 5 April 2024 regarding execution of a definitive sale and 
purchase agreement with Aquila Coal Pty Ltd and Aquila Exploration Pty Ltd (together, “Aquila”) both majority owned 
subsidiaries of China Baowu Steel Group Corporation Limited for the acquisition of the remaining 50% interest in the 
Eagle Downs Metallurgical Coal Joint Venture and a 100% interest in the Eagle Downs South metallurgical coal 
tenements and associated assets. 
Stanmore is pleased to announce that all conditions precedent have been satisfied and that it has successfully 
completed the acquisitions from South32 and Aquila. Stanmore now owns and controls 100% of the Eagle Downs 
Project. 
Commenting on the successful completion of the Acquisitions, CEO Marcelo Matos said: 
“Stanmore is excited by the opportunity afforded by completing this acquisition. Stanmore will now seek to 
optimise the development plan and take a capital efficient approach to any development decision.” 
In accordance with the terms of the agreements, Stanmore paid US$30 million in cash in respect of the acquisition 
of Eagle Downs and A$2 million in respect of Eagle Downs South plus approximately US$4 million in completion 
adjustments.  
This announcement is authorised for release by the Disclosure Committee. 
Further Information 
Investors 
Investors@stanmore.net.au 
Media 
Media@stanmore.net.au
About Stanmore Resources Limited (ASX: SMR)
Stanmore Resources Limited controls and operates the South Walker Creek, Poitrel and Isaac Plains Complex metallurgical coal mines as well as 
the undeveloped Lancewood, Isaac Plains underground and Isaac Plains South projects, in Queensland’s prime Bowen Basin region. Stanmore 
Resources holds several additional high-quality prospective coal tenements located in Queensland’s Bowen and Surat basins. The Company is 
focused on the creation of shareholder value via the efficient operation of its mining assets and the identification of further development 
opportunities within the region.
More information about Stanmore can be found at stanmore.au
