 
 
 
 
ASX Code: SVY 
Shares on issue: 326M  
Market capitalisation: $47M  
Cash: $3.9M (at 31 March 2023) 
ABN 33 119 826 907 
Head Office 
168 Stirling Hwy  
Nedlands, Western Australia 6009 
T: +61 8 9287 7630 
E: info@stavely.com.au   W: stavely.com.au 
 
 
 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT  
 
 
 
 
 
 
            23 May 2023 
 
Stavely Minerals – New Project Acquisition 
Stavely Minerals to Acquire Highly Prospective 
Hawkstone Ni-Cu-Co Project in WA from Chalice Mining 
 
Located in the West Kimberley region, the Hawkstone Project sits along strike from the 
high-tenor Merlin Ni-Cu-Co discovery by the Buxton Resources/IGO JV 
 Stavely Minerals Limited has agreed to acquire Chalice Mining Limited’s Hawkstone 
Nickel-Copper-Cobalt Project in the West Kimberley region of Western Australia. 
 The Hawkstone Project sits along strike from the Buxton Resources/IGO Joint Venture’s 
Double Magic Project, which hosts the Merlin nickel-copper-cobalt discovery, located 
~1km along strike from the Hawkstone tenement boundary. 
 The Merlin nickel-copper-cobalt discovery is a high-tenor (average 8% nickel tenor) 
magmatic nickel style of mineralisation, with individual assays of up to 8.14% nickel, 
5.26% copper and 0.69% cobalt, hosted by the Ruins Dolerite1. 
 The Hawkstone Project includes ~30 kilometres of easterly strike continuation of the 
Ruins Dolerite, which is highly prospective for nickel-copper-cobalt mineralisation. 
 The Hawkstone Project represents a relatively under-explored opportunity for a 
significant discovery in an emerging mineral field where the prospectivity and fertility of 
the Ruins Dolerite has already been demonstrated.   
 The Hawkstone Project is also highly prospective for pegmatite-associated lithium 
mineralisation, with a number of historic tin-tungsten-tantalum mines/occurrences in 
the area indicative of potentially lithium-prospective pegmatites derived from the highly 
fractionated Mondooma and Lennard Granites. 
 The summary terms of the acquisition are that Stavely is acquiring Chalice Mining’s 
wholly-owned subsidiary, North West Nickel, for consideration of $1.4 million of 
equivalent value in Stavely Minerals shares. 
 
Stavely Minerals Limited (ASX Code: SVY – “Stavely Minerals”) is pleased to advise that it has agreed 
to acquire the 1,800km2 Hawkstone Nickel-Copper-Cobalt Project in the West Kimberley region of 
Western Australia from Chalice Mining Limited (ASX Code: CHN – “Chalice Mining”).  
 
1 Buxton Resources website: West Kimberley - Buxton Resources Ltd, ASX:BUX announcement dated 27 
November 2015 
ASX Announcement 23 May 2023 
                                                                                     
 
Page | 2 
 
Stavely Minerals Executive Chair and Managing Director, Mr Chris Cairns, said: “The Hawkstone Project 
is an exceptional walk-up exploration opportunity in a geological setting that has demonstrated 
prospectivity and fertility.  
“The project complements our flagship Stavely Copper-Gold Project in many ways – it conforms to the 
Company’s focus on exploring for the metals required for the transition to a low-carbon future, as well 
as having a winter field exploration season in the West Kimberley that complements the summer 
exploration season at the Stavely Project in Western Victoria, allowing us to maintain year-round 
exploration activity.  
“The Merlin nickel-copper-cobalt discovery is a high-tenor discovery, which can be very important in 
terms of economic potential. Located just 1 kilometre from the Hawkstone Project tenement boundary, 
the Merlin discovery is significant in several respects.  
“Technically, it demonstrates that the geological processes required to form a magmatic nickel 
sulphide deposit have occurred within the Ruins Dolerite, and the Hawkstone Project contains some 30 
kilometres of strike continuation of this highly prospective yet under-explored unit.  
“Additionally, being in an emerging metals province implies that any meaningful additional discovery 
could result in a corporate combination to create the critical mass that a regional development might 
require, either from the outset or to extend future operations. The DeGrussa and Nova Mines are 
examples of this type of regional consolidation.   
“It is important to emphasise that this transaction in no way diminishes our enthusiasm or the scale of 
the opportunity at our flagship Stavely Project. It is more a matter of complementing our critical 
minerals focus and the synergy of the respective field seasons in such a way that the Company can 
provide more continuous year-round activities across two outstanding projects. 
“The Chalice Mining team clearly has a tiger by the tail at their growing Julimar discovery in WA and 
we are very encouraged that Chalice has agreed to accept Stavely Minerals shares as consideration 
and thereby retain exposure to potential future exploration success at Hawkstone.” 
The Hawkstone Project 
The Hawkstone Project comprises ~1,800km2 of tenure held both 100% and with earn-in and/or 
exploration rights in six separate tenements through Chalice Mining’s 100%-owned subsidiary, North 
West Nickel Pty Ltd (NWN) (Figure 2 and Table 1).  Stavely Minerals is acquiring NWN. 
Prior to completion of the acquisition, NWN will acquire 100% of tenements E04/2299 and E04/2325, 
currently held by Strategic Metals Pty Ltd, and 100% of tenement E04/2784 currently held by CGM 
(WA) Pty Ltd.  
NWN also owns 100% of the hard-rock mineral rights on E04/1169, E04/2563 and E04/2405, which 
are subject to future milestone payments to the tenement owners, Waterford Bay Pty Ltd and 
Kimberley Alluvial Pty Ltd.  
 
ASX Announcement 23 May 2023 
                                                                                     
 
Page | 3 
 
 
Figure 1. Hawkstone Project location map. 
 
Figure 2. Hawkstone Project tenement map. 
ASX Announcement 23 May 2023 
                                                                                     
 
Page | 4 
 
Table 1. Hawkstone Project tenement details. 
Tenements 
Registered Holder 
Nature of Interest 
E04/1169 
Waterford Bay 
Hard rock mining rights 
E04/2299 
Strategic Metals 
Earn-In rights 
E04/2325 
Strategic Metals 
Earn-In rights 
E04/2405 
Waterford Bay 
Hard rock mining rights 
E04/2563 
Waterford Bay 
Hard rock mining rights 
E04/2784 
CGM(WA) 
Direct Holding 
 
Exploration conducted by Chalice Mining included two phases of airborne electromagnetic (AEM) 
surveys, ground-based moving loop EM surveys (MLEM), soil geochemical sampling, rock-chip 
sampling, geology mapping and drill testing of EM conductor plates (11 RC drill holes and one diamond 
drill hole) (Figure 3).   
All conductors were explained by sulphide occurrences in the Marboo Formation sediments and were 
not located in the Ruins Dolerite2. However, it is highly encouraging that reconnaissance surface rock-
chips of ‘Dolerite samples were predominantly sulphide-bearing containing trace to 1-2% 
disseminated sulphides (Fe-sulphides) in most samples’3 and there remain ~15 untested regional 
targets. 
 
Figure 3. Hawkstone Project EM conductor plates and drill-hole collars overlaid on regional 
magnetics2. 
 
2 Chalice Mining December 2020 Quarterly Activities Report and K. Frost pers. comm. 
3 Hawkstone Project Information Memorandum, March 2022 
ASX Announcement 23 May 2023 
                                                                                     
 
Page | 5 
 
Future exploration planned by Stavely Minerals would include a gravity survey(s), field mapping of the 
Ruins Dolerite with a focus on identifying the spatial distribution of the chromite-rich basal unit (where 
outcropping) which is likely to host nickel-copper-cobalt sulphide mineralisation, possibly including 
more focused ground EM programmes and eventual drill testing of anomalies.   
Where not outcropping but covered with black soil plains, soil auger geochemistry will be employed 
over the interpreted position of the Ruins Dolerite. 
The Hawkstone Project is located approximately 1km along strike from the Buxton Resources / IGO 
joint venture in the Double Magic Project as shown in Figure 4. 
 
Figure 4. Hawkstone Project and the Buxton / IGO JV tenements, the location of the Merlin Ni-Cu-
Co mineralisation with the distribution of the prospective host Ruins Dolerite. 
The Merlin Ni-Cu-Co Discovery 
Initial mineral exploration focused on the Jack’s Hill gossan. Two holes were drilled in the 1960s by 
Pickland Mathers. No further work was conducted until 2007. Two RC drill programs and one ground 
EM survey highlighted widespread low-grade (typically ~0.2-0.4% Ni) sulphide mineralization near the 
gossan.  
In 2013 a helicopter VTEM survey identified eight significant conductors, with five located within a 
~1.5km radius and interpreted to be associated with the margins of a deformed intrusion, along strike 
to the north-west of the gossan. These five VTEM conductors were further followed up with ground 
EM which resulted in the definition of seven discrete bedrock conductors, A-G (now referred to as the 
Merlin Prospect).  
ASX Announcement 23 May 2023 
                                                                                     
 
Page | 6 
 
A four-hole RC drill program was undertaken by Victory Mines Ltd to test these EM targets. Highly 
encouraging, significant nickel-copper sulphide mineralisation was intersected. All EM conductors are 
coincident with gravity highs.  
In 2015, Buxton Resources Limited acquired the Double Magic Project and undertook an intensive 
exploration programme. Buxton confirmed that the Ruins Dolerite unit hosts economic grades and 
widths of primary orthomagmatic nickel-copper sulphide mineralisation. Drill-hole DMRC0003 
intersected 8m at 3.05% Ni, 1.88% Cu & 0.10% Co from 50m drill depth, within a broader 17m zone 
at 1.78% Ni & 1.16% Cu from 46m drill depth at the Merlin Prospect (Conductor D)4.  
This nickel exploration focus culminated in the discovery of the Double Magic Merlin Ni-Cu-Co deposit. 
This establishes the Ruins Dolerite, and the West Kimberley in general, as a de-risked, fertile and under 
explored new nickel-copper-cobalt province.  
All coincident gravity and EM conductors within Ruins Dolerite drill tested by Buxton at the Merlin 
Prospect returned nickel-copper-cobalt sulphide mineralisation (Figure 5). 
 
Figure 5. Merlin Ni-Cu-Co discovery map with EM conductor plates, drill hole traces, and significant 
NiEq5 intercepts on local geology (source Buxton Resources website). 
 
4 Buxton Resources ASX announcement dated 2 November 2015 
5 NiEq calculation used by Buxton Resources as provided in ASX announcement 11 March 2019 – 
Ni equivalent calculation:  Ni% Equiv. = (Ni% x Ni recovery) + ((Cu% x Cu recovery) x (Cu price/Ni price)) + ((Co% 
x Co recovery) x (Co price / Ni price)) where Ni = US$13,450/t, Cu = US$6,553/t, Co = US33,000/t.  Metal prices 
sources from LME 5th March 2019.  Ni recovery = 94%, Cu recovery = 99% and Co recovery = 88%.  Recovery 
values based on preliminary metallurgical testwork as reported ASX:BUX 16 August 2017. 
ASX Announcement 23 May 2023 
                                                                                     
 
Page | 7 
 
Deal Structure 
The total consideration payable by Stavely Minerals to Chalice Mining for the Transaction is: 
 
(a) $50,000 cash, paid as a Deposit; 
 
(b) $950,000 worth of fully paid ordinary shares in the capital of SVY (SVY Shares), at a deemed 
issue price equal to the five-day volume weighted average price of SVY’s shares as traded on the 
Australian Securities Exchange (5-day VWAP) up to and including the day prior to the execution 
of the Definitive Agreement;  
 
(c) $350,000 of performance rights which convert to ordinary shares, subject to the satisfaction of 
the milestone of NWN receiving approval of the five-year extension of the term of E04/2299 on 
or before 31 January 2024; and 
 
(d) $50,000 of performance rights which convert to ordinary shares, subject to the satisfaction of 
the milestone of NWN receiving approval of the five-year extension of the term of E04/2325, on 
or before 31 January 2024. 
 
The Non-binding Term Sheet includes the following key terms: 
• 
execution of a binding Definitive Agreement to replace the Terms Sheet;  
• 
execution of a deed of assignment and assumption by Stavely Minerals with the previous 
Vendors of NWN in accordance with the Binding Terms Sheet dated 17 June 2019 between 
Chalice Mining, NWN and those Vendors regarding deferred consideration rights6, in a form 
reasonably satisfactory to Stavely Minerals; and 
• 
NWN acquiring a 100% unencumbered interest in E04/2325 and E04/2299, except for alluvial 
rights granted to Kimberley Minerals Ltd in accordance with the terms of the Sale Deed, and 
NWN acquiring a 100% unencumbered interest in E04/2784. 
 
Yours sincerely, 
 
Chris Cairns 
Executive Chair and Managing Director 
 
 
6 Contingent deferred consideration from June 2019 when Chalice Mining acquired North West Nickel Pty Ltd, 
whereby, subject to the following milestones being achieved at the Ruins Project, Stavely will pay to the 2019 
vendors of NWN:  
• 
A$1.75 million in cash or Stavely scrip, at Stavely’s election, within 60 days of Stavely releasing to the 
ASX a Mining Scoping Study or Feasibility Study in relation to the Project;  
• 
A$4.5 million in cash or Stavely scrip, at Stavely’s election, within 60 days of commencement of 
commercial production and cumulative gross sales exceeding A$300 million from the Project.  
Any future issuance of Stavely shares to the 2019 vendors of NWN remains subject to shareholder approval, as 
required, and will be priced according to the 20-day Volume Weighted Average Price (VWAP) at point of 
milestone completion.  
 
ASX Announcement 23 May 2023 
                                                                                     
 
Page | 8 
 
The information in this report that relates to Exploration Targets, Exploration Results, Mineral 
Resources or Ore Reserves is based on information compiled by Mr Chris Cairns, a Competent Person 
who is a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists and a Fellow of the Australasian Institute of 
Mining and Metallurgy.  Mr Cairns is a full-time employee of the Company. Mr Cairns is Executive Chair 
and Managing Director of Stavely Minerals Limited and is a shareholder and option holder of the 
Company.  Mr Cairns has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type 
of deposit under consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person 
as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral 
Resources and Ore Reserves’. Mr Cairns consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on 
his information in the form and context in which it appears. 
Authorised for lodgement by Chris Cairns, Executive Chair and Managing Director. 
For Further Information, please contact: 
 
Stavely Minerals Limited 
 
 
Media Inquiries: 
Phone: 08 9287 7630  
 
 
Nicholas Read – Read Corporate 
Email: info@stavely.com.au  
 
Phone: 08 9388 1474 
 
This page is left intentionally blank 
 
