ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 21 March 2025
DIVESTMENT OF NON-CORE CUE PROJECT
Cyprium Metals Ltd (ASX: CYM / OTCQB: CYPMF) (Cyprium or the Company), is pleased to advise
that it has executed a binding Sale and Purchase Agreement and Royalty Deed with Q Resources Pty
Limited (QR) pursuant to which QR will acquire the Company’s Cue Project (Divestment), for the
following consideration:
• $75,000 cash payment on completion of binding documentation and transfer of the Cue
tenements;
• Cyprium will receive 1% net smelter royalty on future production from the Cue tenements;
• QR has the right to purchase back 50% of the royalty for $500,000 on a public listing of QR; and
• Cyprium will receive 9.9% of the shares on a public listing of QR.
The Company wishes to advise that this concludes the strategic review with respect to the Company’s
portfolio of copper projects located in the Murchison Region of Western Australia as announced on 28
October 2024.
Cyprium Executive Chair Matt Fifield commented: “We are pleased to have completed the strategic
review process commenced in October 2024. Divestment of the non-core Meekathara and Cue projects
is consistent with Cyprium’s strategy to focus its efforts and capital on development of its core Nifty and
Maroochydore projects. The structure of the divestments ensures Cyprium shareholders retain
exposure to any future exploration success by the new stewards of the Murchison assets.”
This ASX announcement has been approved by the Executive Chair.
For Enquiries:
Matt Fifield
Executive Chair
E communications@cypriummetals.com
T +61 8 6374 1550
About Cyprium Metals Limited
Cyprium Metals Limited (ASX: CYM) is an ASX-listed Australian copper company. Its flagship property is the Nifty
Copper Complex in Western Australia, which previously produced significant copper from both oxide and sulphide
resources. Cyprium is focused on redeveloping Nifty, which has the advantage of significant invested capital, data
from a long operating history, large-scale resources, current operational approvals, and recent investment in the
property.
The Company’s other assets include significant copper-focused properties in the Paterson and Murchison
Provinces, including multiple defined resources.
Visit www.cypriummetals.com for further information.
Subscribe to Email Alerts via our Investor Hub: https://investorhub.cypriummetals.com/auth/signup
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/cyprium-metals/
X: https://x.com/CypriumMetals
ABN 48 002 678 640 Level 1, 437 Roberts Road
T +61 8 6374 1550 Subiaco, WA, 6008
ASX: CYM www.cypriummetals.com

