ASX Announcement 
4 December 2024 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
S2 ACQUIRES THREE NEW GOLD PROJECTS IN VICTORIA 
FROM VALKEA RESOURCES AS PART OF THE RECENTLY 
COMPLETED SALE OF ITS FINNISH ASSETS  
Key Points 
• S2 finalises earn-in terms for three Victorian gold projects from Valkea Resources 
(formerly Outback Goldfields) 
 
• These projects were offered to S2 by Valkea as part of the sale of S2’s Finnish 
assets to Valkea 
 
• This spreads S2’s gold exploration footprint in Victoria, supplementing its ground 
holdings around the prolific Fosterville gold mine owned by Agnico Eagle 
 
• These projects have defined soil and aircore drilling anomalies requiring follow 
up 
S2 Resources Ltd (“S2” or the “Company”) advises that it has signed an earn-in agreement with Valkea 
Resources (“Valkea”, formerly Outback Goldfields Corp, TSXV:OZ) as per the terms agreed as part of 
the recently completed sale of S2’s Finnish assets to Valkea1. 
Under the terms of this agreement, S2 has the right to earn an 80% interest in three projects by sole 
funding a total expenditure of $1.2 million within 4 years.  The agreement is subject to Valkea obtaining 
the approval of the TSX Venture exchange and also receiving Ministerial approval and registration 
under section 71 of the Mineral Resources (Sustainable Development) Act 1990 in Victoria, Australia. 
The four year earnin period is deemed to start once the above conditions have been met. S2 can 
withdraw from any or all of the projects at any time providing the tenements are in good standing on 
a pro-rata expenditure commitment basis for a minimum of three months from the date of its 
withdrawal notice. In the event of S2 being unable to undertake exploration as a consequence of land 
access or permitting delays or restrictions outside of its reasonable control, then S2 will be entitled to 
a fair and reasonable extension to the earn-in term. 
Should S2 complete its earnin, Valkea can elect to contribute its share of expenditure or dilute. In the 
latter circumstance, should Valkea’s participating interest decrease to less than 10% it will revert to a 
2% Net Smelter Return (NSR) royalty, which S2 can buy back for C$1.5 million at any time. 
Note 1: S2 currently has a ~45% shareholding in Valkea as part consideration for the sale of its Finnish assets 
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
The three projects comprise the Silverspoon, Yeungroon and Ballarat West exploration projects, which 
are all located in the central Victorian Goldfields (see Figure 1) and which provide the Company with a 
variety of gold exploration options, as summarised below. 
 
Figure 1: Location map showing existing S2 tenure (the Greater Fosterville project) and the three Valkea projects 
in relation to historic goldfields and current mines/prospects. 
Yeungroon 
The Yeungroon project covers an area of 728 square kilometres near Charlton and Wedderburn in 
north central Victoria, and comprises three granted exploration licences (EL6897, EL7280 and EL7701). 
The project area straddles the Avoca Fault, which is the major crustal boundary between the Bendigo 
Zone (to the east) and the Stawell Zone (to the west). Previous soil sampling and reconnaissance 
aircore drilling undertaken by Valkea has defined several district-scale gold-arsenic anomalies that 
require follow up (see Figure 2).  
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
 
Figure 2: Overview map of the Yeungroon project showing location of gold-arsenic anomalies in soil sampling 
and aircore drilling undertaken by Valkea. 
The O’Connors anomaly, located within the Stawell Zone, is a 3 kilometre long zone of north-
northwest striking strong arsenic-gold anomalism that is open along strike in both directions and is 
coincident with the O’Connors fault zone.  The anomalism intersected in the shallow aircore drilling is 
comparable with alteration haloes observed at other central Victorian gold systems and the drilling to 
date may have intersected the low-grade haloes proximal to the high-grade bearing quartz reef lodes.   
In addition to the O’Connors trend, the aircore drilling is has intersected a number of other zones, 
which may represent sub-parallel mineralised structures.   
Follow-up bedrock drilling is required to test for the presence of high grade lodes within the 
mineralised system. 
The Golden Jacket anomaly, defined in top of bedrock RAB/aircore drilling, is a strong, broad arsenic 
anomaly that extends at least 600 metres southwest of the historic Golden Jacket Mine.  Drilling to 
date has intersected low-level gold associated with the arsenic anomaly. Anomalous gold values 
intersected extend approximately 800 metres south of the mine, indicating the potential for a system 
with significant strike potential. 
In addition, drilling has defined several parallel northwest striking trends of strong arsenic (with 
anomalous gold) to the north of the of the Golden Jacket mine.  Deeper drilling is warranted to test for 
high-grade, structurally controlled quartz reefs associated with the anomalous top-of bedrock 
sampling. 
 
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
 
Figure 3: O’Connors aircore anomaly showing several trends with extensive arsenic-gold anomalism. 
 
Figure 4: Golden Jacket aircore anomaly showing several trends anomalous in arsenic and gold. 
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
At the Wedderburn anomaly, located within the Bendigo Zone immediately to the east of the Avoca 
Fault, portable XRF soil sampling has defined multiple north-south trending arsenic anomalies; 
extending at least two kilometres in strike on the eastern trend and at least one kilometre on the 
western trend.   These trends have not been drilled and represent a priority target for follow-up 
exploration, subject to obtaining surface access. 
 
Figure 5: The Wedderburn soil anomaly showing several parallel arsenic anomalies. 
Ballarat West 
The Ballarat West project covers an area of 788 square kilometres located to the northwest of the 
Ballarat goldfield and comprises one granted exploration licence (EL7276) and one exploration licence 
application (ELA8052).  
The project area covers several known historically productive “deep lead” gold mines beneath the 
widespread post-mineralisation basalt cover within the project area.  The presence of alluvial gold in 
widespread deep leads suggests the project area has potential to host significant bedrock gold 
mineralisation (as the source of the gold in the deep leads), with local reef-hosted gold occurrences 
present in a number of areas where the prospective bedrock is exposed at surface.  The project has 
not seen any modern-day exploration targeting the bedrock potential. 
 
 
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
Silverspoon 
The Silverspoon project comprises one granted exploration licence (EL6951) located approximately 15 
kilometres southeast of the Fosterville gold mine, and one exploration licence application (ELA8311), 
which directly abuts the western boundary of the Fosterville Mining Lease. This block is a lapsed 
Retention Licence formerly held by Agnico Eagle and now under competitive application, having also 
been applied for by S2 and Agnico Eagle2. 
Note 2: As this is a competitive application between 3 applicants there is no certainty that either S2 or Valkea will be awarded the tenement 
 
This announcement has been provided to the ASX under the authorisation of the S2 Board. 
 
 
For further information, please contact: 
Mark Bennett 
Executive Chairman 
+61 8 6166 0240 
 
 
Past Exploration results reported in this announcement have been previously prepared and disclosed 
by Outback Goldfields in accordance with Canadian National Instrument 43/101. The Company is not 
aware of any other or new information or data that materially affects the information included in this 
market announcement. The Company confirms that the form and content in which the Competent 
Person's findings are presented here have not been materially modified from the original market 
announcements. Refer to Outback Goldfields’ previous news release filings on SEDAR for details on 
past exploration results. 
 
Competent Persons statement 
Information in this report that relates to Exploration Results from Victoria is based on information 
compiled by John Bartlett, who is an employee and equity holder of the Company. Mr Bartlett is a 
member of the Australian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (MAusIMM) and has sufficient experience 
of relevance to the style of mineralization and the types of deposits under consideration, and to the 
activities undertaken, to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Joint Ore 
Reserves Committee (JORC) Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources 
and Ore Reserves. Mr Bartlett consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters based on 
information in the form and context in which it appears. 
 
 
 
 
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
The following Tables are provided to ensure compliance with the JORC code (2012) edition 
requirements for the reporting of exploration results. 
 
SECTION 1: SAMPLING TECHNIQUES AND DATA  
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Sampling techniques 
Nature and quality of sampling (e.g. cut 
channels, random chips, or specific 
specialised 
industry 
standard 
measurement tools appropriate to the 
minerals under investigation, such as 
down hole gamma sondes, or handheld 
XRF instruments, etc). These examples 
should not be taken as limiting the broad 
meaning of sampling. 
Sampling Techniques carried out by Outback 
Goldfields Australia Pty Ltd (“OGA”) are reported as 
follows; 
RAB/Air core samples were collected in 1 metre 
intervals down hole from surface to end of hole for all 
holes drilled. A representative sample of each 1 metre 
interval was collected in chip trays as drilling was 
undertaken, as well as a larger sample (nominally 
1.5kg) which was retained for additional testing where 
required. 
Diamond Drill core was cut in half using an Almonte 
core saw along the vertical axis of the core based on 
Orientation lines. One half of the sample was 
submitted for laboratory analysis, with half retained 
for future reference. 
Roadside Soil samples were collected using a hand 
auger. Sampling staff selected approximately 100g of 
material from the B-C soil horizon interface. A subset 
of this sample was collected in chip trays for XRF 
analysis with the remainder stored for future 
reference. 
S2 is currently in the process of validating the results 
of Outback Goldfields previous sampling campaigns. 
 
Include reference to measures taken to 
ensure sample representivity and the 
appropriate 
calibration 
of 
any 
measurement tools or systems used 
To ensure sample representivity, OGA reports taking 
the following steps; 
RAB/Air Core samples were collected from buckets 
which collected all chips from the sample stream. Grab 
samples were collected from the buckets by hand, 
collecting material from the bottom, middle and top of 
the sample collected. 
Diamond Drilling samples were cut along the 
Orientation line, to ensure un-biased sampling, 
sampling staff always selected the top half of the core 
for submission to the laboratory, with the bottom half 
retained for future reference.    
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
 
Aspects 
of 
the 
determination 
of 
mineralisation that are Material to the 
Public Report.  In cases where ‘industry 
standard’ work has been done this would 
be 
relatively 
simple 
(e.g. 
‘reverse 
circulation drilling was used to obtain 1 m 
samples from which 3 kg was pulverised 
to produce a 30 g charge for fire assay’). 
In other cases more explanation may be 
required, such as where there is coarse 
gold 
that 
has 
inherent 
sampling 
problems. 
Unusual 
commodities 
or 
mineralisation types (e.g. submarine 
nodules) may warrant disclosure of 
detailed information 
OGA report the following:  
RAB/Air core samples were collected in 1 metre 
intervals down hole from surface to end of hole for all 
holes drilled. A representative sample of each 1 metre 
interval was collected in chip trays as drilling was 
undertaken, as well as a larger sample (nominally 
1.5kg) which was retained for additional testing where 
required. 
Diamond Drill core was cut in half using an Almonte 
core saw along the vertical axis of the core based on 
Orientation lines. One half of the sample was 
submitted for laboratory analysis, with half retained 
for future reference. 
Roadside Soil samples were collected using a hand 
auger. Sampling staff selected approximately 100g of 
material from the B-C soil horizon interface and 
assayed using a portable XRF device. A subset of this 
sample was collected in chip trays for XRF analysis with 
the remainder stored for future reference. 
Drilling techniques 
Drill type (e.g. core, reverse circulation, 
open-hole hammer, rotary air blast, 
auger, Bangka, sonic, etc) and details 
(e.g. core diameter, triple or standard 
tube, depth of diamond tails, face-
sampling bit or other type, whether core 
is oriented and if so, by what method, 
etc). 
OGA has conducted a series of RAB, Aircore and 
Diamond Drilling campaigns across the tenement.  No 
drilling by S2 has been conducted on the tenements.   
Verification and validation of these data sets by S2 is 
ongoing. 
Drill sample recovery 
Method of recording and assessing core 
and chip sample recoveries and results 
assessed 
During Drilling operations OGA did not estimate 
sample recoveries for RAB or Air-core drill programs. 
Dor diamond drilling, intervals of “lost core” were 
recorded during logging, amounting to approximately 
3% of the total meters drilled, subsequently diamond 
drill core recoveries are estimated to be 
approximately 97%. 
 
Measures taken to maximise sample 
recovery 
and 
ensure 
representative 
nature of the samples 
Unknown - no drilling or sampling by S2 has been 
conducted on the tenements.  All drilling on the 
project is historical in nature and verification and 
validation of these data sets are ongoing.    
 
Whether a relationship exists between 
sample recovery and grade and whether 
sample bias may have occurred due to 
preferential loss/gain of fine/coarse 
material. 
OGA reported that no relationship between sample 
recovery and grade had been identified. Noting that 
whilst the mineralised quartz zones intercepted, were 
more fractured than the surrounding sedimentary 
rocks, they were generally quite competent, were not 
associated with an increase in “lost” core.    
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Logging 
Whether core and chip samples have 
been geologically and geotechnically 
logged to a level of detail to support 
appropriate 
Mineral 
Resource 
estimation, 
mining 
studies 
and 
metallurgical studies. 
Logging by OGA during its previous exploration 
campaigns, described as follows; 
RAB/Air core samples were logged to sample 
intervals recording lithology, colour, Quartz 
percentage, and minerals observed. 
Diamond Drilling was logged in detail recording 
detailed lithology information to a minimum interval 
of 10cm, recoding lithologies, colour and any 
observed minerals of interest.  
All logging completed by OGA Personnel was 
supervised by experienced Senior Geologists with 
expansive prior experience in the Victorian Goldfields 
S2 is currently in the process of validating the results 
of OGA previous drilling campaigns. 
 
Whether 
logging 
is 
qualitative 
or 
quantitative in nature. Core (or costean, 
channel, etc) photography. 
OGA carried out qualitative logging of lithology and 
colour as well as quantitative estimates of quartz 
percentages for all RAB, Air core and Diamond drill 
holes. All Diamond Drill core was photographed prior 
to sampling. 
S2 is currently in the process of validating the results 
of Outback Goldfields previous drilling campaigns. 
 
The total length and percentage of the 
relevant intersections logged 
A summary of the Drilling completed by OGA on the 
Yeungroon tenement is given below; 
Drill Method 
No. of 
Holes 
Total 
Metres 
RAB 
254 
3208 
Air Core 
748 
12,240 
Diamond Drilling 
9 
1024.4 
Logging of Lithology, colour, quartz percentage and 
mineralisation was completed for all drillholes by 
OGA personnel. 
Sub-sampling 
techniques 
and 
sample preparation 
If core, whether cut or sawn and whether 
quarter, half or all core taken. 
Sub-sampling techniques used by OGA are described 
as follows; 
Diamond Drill core was cut in half using an Almonte 
core saw along the vertical axis of the core based on 
Orientation lines. One half of the sample was 
submitted for laboratory analysis, with half retained 
for future reference.   
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
 
If 
non-core, 
whether 
riffled, 
tube 
sampled, rotary split, etc and whether 
sampled wet or dry. 
Sub-sampling techniques used by OGA are described 
as follows; 
RAB/Air core samples were collected in 1 metre 
intervals down hole from surface to end of hole for all 
holes drilled. Samples were collected from buckets 
which collected all chips from the sample stream. 
Grab samples were collected from the buckets by 
hand, collecting material from the bottom, middle 
and top of the sample collected (for a total sample 
mass of approximately 1.5kg). A representative 
sample of each 1 metre interval was also collected in 
chip trays as drilling was undertaken, for preliminary 
XRF analysis. 
 
For all sample types, the nature, quality 
and appropriateness of the sample 
preparation technique. 
OGA sample preparation methods are considered 
appropriate in the context in which they are used.  
RAB/Air Core drilling was undertaken to drill holes 
through shallow transported cover sequences to test 
the top of the basement rocks for Geochemical 
anomalies. Grab sampling by hand was considered 
sufficient to provide a representative sample for this 
purpose. 
Diamond drilling was carried out to identify and 
define potential gold mineralisation. Drill Core 
sampling using an automated Almonte Diamond Drill 
saw, with intervals adjusted to ensure samples 
represented geology (i.e. not sampling across major 
lithological/mineralisation boundaries) was 
considered representative and appropriate for this 
purpose. 
S2 is currently in the process of validating the results 
of OGA’s previous drilling campaigns. 
 
Quality control procedures adopted for all 
sub-sampling 
stages 
to 
maximise 
representivity of samples. 
No drilling or sampling by S2 has been conducted on 
the tenements.   
All sampling of OGA drill holes was supervised by 
experienced Senior geologists with extensive 
experience in the Victorian Goldfields. 
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
 
Measures taken to ensure that the 
sampling is representative of the in situ 
material collected, including for instance 
results for field duplicate/second-half 
sampling. 
No drilling or sampling by S2 has been conducted on 
the tenements.   
OGA have tested sample representativity within their 
drilling campaigns as outlined below; 
RAB/Aircore samples were tested via XRF directly 
onto samples collected in Chip trays. Zones of 
anomalous geochemical results had their 
corresponding 1.5kg samples analysed in a laboratory 
using low detection gold and multi-element analysis. 
Comparison of XRF analysis against laboratory 
geochemical analysis indicated sufficient correlation 
to satisfy the company that it’s sampling techniques 
were sufficiently representative to identify 
geochemical anomalies. 
Diamond Drill core samples have not had any field 
duplicate or second half analysis to date, however 
half core from all diamond drill holes has been 
retained and is available for second half sampling 
should this be deemed necessary in the future.  
Verification by S2 of these results is currently 
ongoing. 
 
Whether sample sizes are appropriate to 
the grain size of the material being 
sampled. 
OGA regularly reviewed the results of it’s sampling 
programs. The company formed the view that XRF 
analysis of RAB and Air Core chip tray samples gave 
sufficiently repeatable results to confidently identify 
geochemical anomalies.  
The submission of larger (nominally 1.5kg) samples 
for any samples selected for analysis for gold is 
considered sufficiently representative of the material 
sampled. 
Verification by S2 of these results is currently 
ongoing.   
Quality of assay 
data and laboratory 
tests 
The 
nature, 
quality 
and 
appropriateness of the assaying and 
laboratory procedures used and 
whether the technique is considered 
partial or total. 
All OGA samples that were analysed for Gold 
mineralisation were submitted to the Gekko Assay 
Laboratory, prepared using standard preparation 
procedures (dry, crush and pulverise at 75 micron 
mesh). Gold was analysed by fire assay on a 30 gram 
sample with an AAS finish (atomic absorption 
spectroscopy). Gekko Assay Laboratory is accredited 
for compliance with ISO/IEC 17025 Testing by 
National Association of Testing Authorities, Australia 
(NATA). 
Verification and validation of these data sets by S2 
are ongoing. 
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
 
For geophysical tools, spectrometers, 
handheld XRF instruments, etc, the 
parameters used in determining the 
analysis including instrument make 
and 
model, 
reading 
times, 
calibrations factors applied and their 
derivation, etc. 
OGA conducted preliminary analysis on all samples 
collected in chip trays using an Olympus Vanta 
portable XRF. Analysis was carried out in “Geochem 
mode” running three beams for a total of 30 seconds 
each. 
Verification by S2 of these results is currently 
ongoing.   
 
Nature of quality control procedures 
adopted (e.g. standards, blanks, 
duplicates, 
external 
laboratory 
checks) and whether acceptable 
levels of accuracy (i.e. lack of bias) 
and precision have been established. 
No assaying of samples has been conducted by S2 on 
the tenements.  All sampling on the project is 
historical in nature and verification and validation of 
these data sets are ongoing. 
 
Verification 
of 
sampling 
and 
assaying 
The 
verification 
of 
significant 
intersections by either independent 
or alternative company personnel. 
OGA maintained carried out exploration programs in 
accordance with company procedures, supervised by 
senior geologists. A database of all drilling and 
sampling conducted by Outback Goldfields was 
maintained by a suitably qualified database geologist. 
Verification and validation of these data sets by S2 
are ongoing. 
 
The use of twinned holes. 
No twin holes are reported. 
 
Documentation of primary data, data 
entry procedures, data verification, 
data storage (physical and electronic) 
protocols. 
All drilling and sampling conducted on the tenements 
is historical in nature and verification and validation 
of these data sets are ongoing.      
 
Discuss any adjustment to assay 
data. 
No adjustments to the assay data have been 
carried out by OGA or S2.    
Location 
of 
data 
points 
Accuracy and quality of surveys used to 
locate drillholes (collar and down-hole 
surveys), trenches, mine workings and 
other locations used in Mineral Resource 
estimation. 
All drilling conducted by OGA had collar surveys 
carried out using a Garmin GPSMAP 64sx, the accuracy 
of collars is reported at +/- 3m.  
OGA soil sampling data points were surveyed using 
either Apple Iphone or GPSMAP 64sx. Location 
accuracy on soil sampling is reported at +/- 3m.  
Verification and validation of these data sets by S2 are 
ongoing.   
 
Specification of the grid system used. 
The grid system is MGA GDA94 (Zone 54). 
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
 
Quality and adequacy of topographic 
control. 
OGA has utilised 10m Surface modelling acquired 
from the Data.vic website to estimate the elevation 
of all drill collars and sample points, this is considered 
adequate in the context of exploration programs 
which are searching for broad large-scale 
geochemical anomalies. 
Verification and validation of these data sets by S2 
are ongoing. 
Data 
spacing 
and 
distribution 
Data spacing for reporting of Exploration 
Results. 
OGA has chosen to use 100m spaced Air-core holes to 
test the top of basement Geochemistry based on 
analysis of soil sampling data collected across known 
lines of mineralisation in the Historic goldfields of 
Bendigo and Ballarat.  
Geochemical anomalies associated with 
mineralisation in these goldfields was observed to 
vary between 400m and 1km in width, a 100m 
spaced drill pattern should clearly identify anomalous 
geochemical zones in typical Victorian Gold systems.   
 
Whether 
the 
data 
spacing 
and 
distribution is sufficient to establish the 
degree of geological and grade continuity 
appropriate for the Mineral Resource and 
Ore Reserve estimation procedure(s) and 
classifications applied. 
No Mineral Resource or Ore Reserve estimation is 
reported.  
 
Whether sample compositing has been 
applied. 
No sample compositing has been applied. 
Orientation of data in 
relation to geological 
structure 
Whether the orientation of sampling 
achieves unbiased sampling of possible 
structures and the extent to which this is 
known, considering the deposit type. 
OGA’s drilling programs utilised various orientations 
as follows; 
RAB/Aircore holes were drilled in a vertical 
orientation for most holes, the only exception being 
at the Golden Jacket prospect, where a small series of 
inclined holes dipping at 60o towards the northeast 
were completed to test along strike of the Golden 
Jacket mine which was mapped historically to have a 
sub-vertical mineralised quartz reef.  
Diamond Drill holes were designed to test along 
strike of the historic Golden Jacket Reef, mapped to 
be sub-vertical striking in a north-westerly direction. 
Holes were designed and drilled from both the west 
side of the reef with a dip of 55˚ towards east and 
west in an effort to drill across the mineralisation 
rather than along it. 
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
 
If the relationship between the drilling 
orientation and the orientation of key 
mineralised structures is considered to 
have introduced a sampling bias, this 
should be assessed and reported if 
material. 
No sampling bias is believed to have been introduced 
from the orientation of drilling by OGA.   
Sample security 
The measures taken to ensure sample 
security. 
OGA personnel collected all samples in the field and 
transported them to the company’s secure core shed 
facility in Ballarat for preliminary analysis.  
Samples selected for follow up laboratory analysis 
were dispatched via registered courier with parcels 
tracked electronically to the SGS laboratory in 
Orange; or for samples analysed at the Gekko Assay 
laboratory in Ballarat delivered by hand by OGA 
personnel. 
Audits or reviews 
The results of any audits or reviews of 
sampling techniques and data. 
No records of any audits or reviews of historic 
sampling have been compiled to date.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
SECTION 2: REPORTING OF EXPLORATION RESULTS 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Mineral 
tenement 
and 
land 
tenure 
status 
Type, reference name/number, location 
and ownership including agreements or 
material issues with third parties such as 
joint ventures, partnerships, overriding 
royalties, native title interests, historical 
sites, wilderness or national park and 
environmental settings. 
The Yeungroon Project consists of three granted 
exploration licences (EL6897, EL7280 & EL7701), 
located approximately 75 kilometres northwest of 
Bendigo, Victoria adjacent the township of 
Wedderburn.  The tenements are owned by Outback 
Goldfields Australia Pty Ltd (“Outback”), a wholly 
owned subsidiary of TSX-V listed Valkea Resources 
Ltd. 
The Ballarat West Project consists of one granted 
exploration licence (EL7276) and one exploration 
licence  application (ELA8052), owned by Outback.  
The project is located immediately west of the 
townships of Ballarat and Creswick, Victoria.  
The Silverspoon project consists of one exploration 
licence (EL6951) and one exploration licence 
application (ELA8311), located to the east of Bendigo, 
Victoria.  The licences are owned by Outback, with 
EL6951 held in the name Petratherm Ltd.  
S2 Resources has entered into a farmin joint venture 
agreement for the three projects (listed above) with 
the terms of the agreement detailed in the body of 
this announcement. 
 
The security of the tenure held at the 
time of reporting along with any known 
impediments to obtaining a licence to 
operate in the area. 
All granted exploration licences are current and in 
good standing. 
Exploration licence application ELA8052 (Ballarat 
West) has been assessed by the Victorian Earh 
Resource Regulator (ERR) and is currently requiring an 
Native Title Agreement with the Wadawurrung 
Traditional Owners Aboriginal Corporation, prior to 
grant. 
Exploration licence application ELA8311 (Silverspoon 
project) has competing applications, with two other 
parties, and ERR has yet to determine the successful 
priority application.  There is no guarantee that 
ELA8311 will be the successful application for this 
licence area. 
Access and compensation agreements are required to 
conduct work on freehold land and while it is hoped 
that landowners will agree to these there is no 
guarantee that they will be forthcoming.  
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Exploration done by 
other parties 
Acknowledgment 
and 
appraisal 
of 
exploration by other parties. 
OGA has undertaken a series of Exploration programs 
across the Yeungroon exploration Licence. Several 
programs of drilling have been completed as 
summarised in the table below; 
Drill Method 
No. of 
Holes 
Total 
Metres 
RAB 
254 
3208 
Air Core 
748 
12,240 
Diamond Drilling 
9 
1024.4 
In addition to drilling, OGA has also undertaken a 
campaign of roadside soil sampling, comprising some 
598 samples with geochemistry analysed using XRF. 
The programs completed to date have focused on 
testing previously under-explored ground in the 
Western half of the Yeungroon tenement. Modest 
extensions to mineralisation were discovered along 
strike of the historic Golden Jacket Mine, however the 
O’Connors Target zone stands out as the tenements 
highest potential target zone. 
O’Connors prospect is a strongly anomalous zone 
3.5km long and 1.3km wide which is open along strike. 
It contains elevated Arsenic and Gold grades, and 
appears to be associated with large scale regional 
faulting. 
Geology 
Deposit type, geological setting and style 
of mineralisation. 
The deposit style sought is turbidite hosted orogenic 
gold mineralisation located in the Bendigo and 
Stawell Zones of the Victorian Gold Province.  
Examples of this style of mineralisation include 
Ballarat, Bendigo, Fosterville & Stawell.  
Gold mineralisation is typically hosted by quartz reefs 
located in fold and fault structures related to multiple 
compression events that formed upright chevron 
style fold geometry. 
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Drill hole Information A summary of all information material to 
the understanding of the exploration 
results including a tabulation of the 
following information for all Material 
drill holes: 
• 
easting and northing of the 
drill hole collar 
• 
elevation or RL (Reduced Level 
– elevation above sea level in 
metres) of the drill hole collar 
• 
dip and azimuth of the hole 
• 
down 
hole 
length 
and 
interception depth 
• 
hole length. 
All drilling is historical in nature verification and 
validation of these data sets are ongoing.   
Data 
aggregation 
methods 
In 
reporting 
Exploration 
Results, 
weighting 
averaging 
techniques, 
maximum 
and/or 
minimum 
grade 
truncations (e.g. cutting of high grades) 
and cut-off grades are usually Material 
and should be stated. 
All Exploration Results reported are downhole 
weighted means. 
 
Where aggregate intercepts incorporate 
short lengths of high grade results and 
longer lengths of low grade results, the 
procedure used for such aggregation 
should be stated and some typical 
examples of such aggregations should be 
shown in detail. 
Where aggregate intercepts include individual zones of 
higher grade these are reported, using the same 
methodology as for the larger intervals.  The lower cut-
off grade for the including intervals is reported in the 
relevant tables. 
 
The assumptions used for any reporting 
of metal equivalent values should be 
clearly stated. 
No metal equivalent values are reported. 
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Relationship between 
mineralisation widths 
and intercept lengths 
These relationships are particularly 
important in the reporting of Exploration 
Results. 
If the geometry of the mineralisation 
with respect to the drill hole angle is 
known, its nature should be reported. 
If it is not known and only the down hole 
lengths are reported, there should be a 
clear statement to this effect (e.g. ‘down 
hole length, true width not known’). 
OGA has reported drill angles relative to interpreted 
mineralisation providing commentary on estimates of 
true widths for diamond drilling intervals. As structural 
information is not able to be determined for RAB/Air 
core drilling, true widths of intercepts cannot be 
determined for these holes. 
S2 is reviewing the results of OGA drill programs, this 
process is ongoing. 
Diagram 
Appropriate maps and sections (with 
scales) and tabulations of intercepts 
should be included for any significant 
discovery being reported These should 
include, but not be limited to a plan view 
of drill hole collar locations and 
appropriate sectional views. 
Appropriate maps, sections and tables are included in 
the body of the report. 
Balanced reporting 
Where comprehensive reporting of all 
Exploration Results is not practicable, 
representative reporting of both low and 
high grades and/or widths should be 
practiced to avoid misleading reporting 
of Exploration Results. 
All historical results considered significant are 
reported. 
Other 
substantive 
exploration data 
Other exploration data, if meaningful 
and material, should be reported 
including (but not limited to): geological 
observations; geophysical survey results; 
geochemical survey results; bulk samples 
– size and method of treatment; 
metallurgical test results; bulk density, 
groundwater, geotechnical and rock 
characteristics; potential deleterious or 
contaminating substances. 
Other historical exploration data has not yet been 
compiled to a level where it can be reported. Further 
compilation of such data will be reviewed and 
reported when considered material. 
 
Level 14, 333 Collins Street, Melbourne, VIC 3000, Australia. PO Box 143 Kingsway, WA 6065, Australia  
ABN 18 606 128 090 T +61 8 6166 0240 F 61 8 6270 5410 E admin@s2resources.com.au W www.s2resources.com.au 
 
Criteria 
JORC Code explanation 
Commentary 
Further work 
The nature and scale of planned further 
work (e.g. tests for lateral extensions or 
depth extensions or large-scale step-out 
drilling). 
Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of 
possible extensions, including the main 
geological interpretations and future 
drilling areas, provided this information 
is not commercially sensitive 
Detailed review of all historical work will be 
undertaken, including the creation of database of 
historical sampling and drilling, prior to prioritising 
areas for on ground exploration 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
