 
ASX RELEASE. 
 
Catalina Resources Ltd    ACN: 130 618 683    W: www.catalinaresources.com.au     
 
 
Sale Agreement with Kobold for Kookynie West 
 
Catalina Resources Ltd (“Catalina” or “the Company”) advises that the 
Company has executed an Asset Sale Agreement (ASA) with KoBold Tjantjuru 
Pty Ltd (“KoBold”) for the divestment of its rights, title and interest in the 
Company’s Kookynie West Project which comprises the Golden Chimney 
exploration tenement (E40/378) (“Exploration Rights”).  
 
The ASA is conditional until KoBold has finalised its due diligence investigations 
to its satisfaction and has notified Catalina in writing that it wishes to proceed 
with its acquisition of the Exploration Rights (the “Completion Date”). 
 
The sale of the Company’s interest in the Kookynie West Project allows the 
Company to focus its efforts and resources on its highest priority projects as 
per the company’s strategy and process of continuous evaluation and 
prioritisation of its project portfolio.  
 
Under the terms of the ASA, KoBold will make the following non-refundable 
cash deposits to Catalina: 
a) AUD $40,000, within 10 business days of the Effective Date of this 
Agreement (the “Signing Deposit”); 
b) AUD $50,000, on or before the first anniversary of the Effective Date 
(the “First Anniversary Deposit”); 
c) AUD $60,000, on or before the second anniversary of the Effective 
Date (the “Second Anniversary Deposit”); and  
d) AUD $255,000, on or before the third anniversary of the Effective Date 
(the “Third Anniversary Deposit”)  
 
On the Completion Date, KoBold agrees to pay the Purchase Price of AUD 
$405,000 (less any previously paid Non-Refundable Deposits) to Catalina.  
 
KoBold shall grant Catalina a 1% net smelter return royalty upon completion of 
the Exploration Rights Transfer from Catalina to KoBold, half of which may be 
bought back by KoBold at any time for a consideration of AUD $1,000,000. 
 
For the duration of period commencing on the Effective Date and ending on 
the Completion Date (or termination of this Agreement), KoBold agrees to keep 
the Exploration Rights in good standing by (i) making any payments required of 
it by Law, including with respect to applicable Taxes, rents, rates, minimum 
expenditure obligations and assessments and other similar charges lawfully 
levied or assessed against the Exploration Rights, and (ii) meeting the work 
expenditure obligations associated with the Exploration Rights. 
 
ASX Announcement 
4 November 2024 
 
Catalina Resources is an 
Australian diversified 
mineral exploration and 
mine development 
company. 
 
Directors 
Executive Chairman and  
Company Secretary 
Sanjay Loyalka 
 
Director 
Richard Beazley 
 
Director 
Michael Busbridge 
 
Director 
Martin Bennett 
ASX Code 
CTN 
 
CONTACT DETAILS 
Unit 38 
18 Stirling Highway 
NEDLANDS WA 6009 
 
T +61 8 61181672 
E info@catalinaresources.com.au 
 
 
ASX RELEASE. 
Page 2 of 2 
 
The ASA may be terminated by a written notice from KoBold to Catalina stating that KoBold intends to terminate 
this Agreement, in its sole discretion. 
 
The release of this document to the market has been authorised by the Board of Catalina Resources Ltd 
  
ABOUT CATALINA  
Catalina Resources Ltd is an Australian diversified mineral exploration and mine development company whose 
vision is to create shareholder value through the successful exploration of prospective gold, base metals, lithium 
and iron ore projects and the development of these projects into production. 
 
ABOUT KOBOLD 
  
KoBold Metals Company is a US-based exploration and mining company that combines expertise in geosciences 
with artificial intelligence, machine learning, and data science to improve and accelerate the exploration process 
in search for the critical minerals necessary for the global energy transition. 
.  
 
