ASX: LM1 - Investor Presentation 
December 2024
Motivated by discovery
Leeuwinmetals.com
Visit Our Website
Marda Gold
Project Acquisition
Extensive known mineralisation
Numerous well-defined drill targets
Close to several operating mills in the region
Leeuwin highly leveraged to exploration success
An outstanding opportunity to create rapid growth via
exploration of a well established mineralised system in the
heart of WA
IMPORTANT NOTICES AND DISCLAIMER
Important information: Leeuwin Metals Ltd (ASX LM1) ACN 656 057 215 (the "Company") is the issuer of this presentation.
Not a disclosure document
This presentation is not a disclosure document for the purposes of Chapter 6D of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) ("Corporations Act") and does not purport to include the information required of such a disclosure document. It has not been lodged with or
approved by any regulatory authority, such as the Australian Securities and Investments Commission ("ASIC") or the Australian Securities Exchange ("ASX"). 
No New Information or Data
The information presented in this presentation that refers to exploration results, have been initially disclosed in accordance with ASX Listing Rule 5.7 in the Company's ASX release on 20/12/2024. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the
Competent Person’s findings are presented have not been materially modified from the original market announcements.
Nature of mineral exploration risks
This presentation does not purport to be all-inclusive or to contain all the information that you or any other party may require to evaluate the prospects of the Company. The mineral tenements of the Company as described in this presentation are at various
stages of exploration, and potential investors should understand that mineral exploration and development are high-risk undertakings. Some of the tenements are in the application stage only and there is no guarantee the applications will be granted by
the responsible minister or governmental decision maker having jurisdiction. There can be no assurance that exploration of the tenements, or any other tenements that may be acquired in the future, will result in the discovery of an economic ore deposit.
Even if an apparently viable deposit is identified, there is no guarantee that it can be economically exploited.
No other material authorised
The Company has not authorised any person to give any information or make any representation in connection with any proposed offer of securities. A prospective investor cannot rely upon any information or representations not contained in this
presentation. 
Forward-looking statements
This presentation may contain forward-looking statements. Those forward-looking statements reflect views held only as at the date of this presentation. Any such statement is subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results may differ
materially from the events or results expressed or implied in any forward- looking statement, and such deviations are both normal and to be expected. Recipients must make their own assessment about the likelihood of a matter, about which a forward-
looking statement is made, occurring. The Company makes no representation about the likelihood of a matter, about which a forward-looking statement is made, occurring. No representation or warranty is given, and nothing in this presentation or any other
information made available by the Company, or any other party should be relied upon as a promise or representation, as to the future condition of the respective businesses, projects and operations of the Company. The Company and its directors,
employees, agents, representatives, advisers and consultants: give no representation or warranty to a recipient of this presentation as to the accuracy or completeness of the statements contained in this presentation or in relation to any other matter; and to
the fullest extent permitted by law, disclaim responsibility for and have no liability to a recipient of this presentation for any error or omission in or for any statement in this presentation, including if due to any negligence, fault or breach of duty of any type.
Reliance on presentation
A recipient of this presentation must make their own assessment of the matters contained herein and rely on their own investigations and judgment in making an investment in the Company. This presentation does not purport to contain all of the
information a recipient of this presentation requires to make an informed decision whether to invest in the Company. Specifically, this presentation does not purport to contain all the information that investors and their professional advisers would reasonably
require to make an informed assessment of the Company’s assets and liabilities, financial position and performance, profits, losses and prospects.
Not a recommendation or financial advice
The information in this presentation is not a recommendation to subscribe for securities in the Company and does not constitute financial advice. Any person who intends to subscribe for securities must conduct their own investigations, assessment and
analysis of the Company and its operations and prospects and must base their investment decision solely on those investigations and that assessment and analysis. Prospective investors should consult their own legal, accounting and financial advisers
about an investment in the Company.
Acceptance 
By attending a presentation or briefing, or accepting, accessing or reviewing this document you explicitly acknowledge, accept and agree to the matters stated in this Important Notices and Disclaimer section.
Authorisation 
This document has been authorised for release by the Company’s Board of Directors and is current as at 20 December 2024.
2
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1 | www.leeuwinmetals.com
MARDA GOLD PROJECT INVESTMENT SUMMARY
100% Ownership of granted
mining leases in Western
Australia
Proven gold belt​
 with multiple high grade
drill intercepts​
Strategic location &
infrastructure access
 Ramelius Resources to
become a strategic
shareholder
Low cost acquisition
creating long term ​
shareholder value
A leadership team with
proven success in the
resources sector
3
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1 | www.leeuwinmetals.com
MARDA GOLD PROJECT
Prospect
Intercept
Evanston 
2m @ 16.75g/t Au from 12m (NRC043)
3.6m @ 16.4g/t Au from 1m (EDM003)
8m @ 5.76 g/t Au from 8m (ERC147)
Evanston South 
3m @ 7.9g/t Au from 33m (BPRC001)
6m @ 2.36g/t Au from 36m (BPRC002)
Taipan
1m @ 15.84g/t Au from 47m (MRC248)
12m @ 1.52g/t Au from 36m (MRC245)
1m @ 27.75g/t Au from 31m (MAR111)
Prospect
Intercept
Red Legs
3m @ 22.36g/t Au from 18m (MB1532)
1m @ 9.68g/t Au from 40 (MB1557)
7m @ 7.16g/t Au from 40 (MB1531)
Die Hardy 
7m @ 2.32g/t Au from 97m (FBRC0128)
1m @ 5.89g/t Au from 24m (GB014)
Mt King
5m @ 7.47g/t Au from 120m (MKC003) 
4m @ 7.27g/t Au from 70m (MKC006)
12m @ 2.17g/t Au from 12m (GB306)
Under-explored high-grade potential:
LEEUWIN IS HIGHLY LEVERAGED TO EXPLORATION SUCCESS
Transformational Acquisition: The acquisition of the Marda Gold Project marks a
significant step forward for Leeuwin Metals, providing a strategic foothold in the prolific
Goldfields region of Western Australia. This project serves as a strong platform for future
growth and value creation.
Upfront Cost: Initial upfront consideration of $500,000, to be settled via the issue of
Leeuwin Metals (ASX: LM1) shares at the 10-day VWAP upon completion.
Milestone Payments: Additional milestone-linked payments totaling $1.5 million.
Strategic Shareholder: Ramelius Resources Limited (ASX: RMS), a respected leader in
the gold mining industry, will join Leeuwin’s register as a strategic shareholder,
underscoring confidence in the asset's potential and future development.
The project contains multiple high-grade drill intercepts requiring follow-up, with targets
offering significant discovery potential and ranking as high exploration priorities.
4
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1 | www.leeuwinmetals.com
MARDA GOLD PROJECT
KEY TARGETS FOR 2025 EXPLORATION
HIGH IMPACT EXPLORATION WITH POTENTIAL
FOR DISCOVERY IN WA
Highly Prospective Region
Favorable Geology: Gold mineralisation is
hosted in Banded Iron Formations (BIFs) and
quartz veining, Located within the Youanmi
Terrane, 
part 
of 
the 
Marda-Diemals
Greenstone Belt.
Exploration Upside: Multiple historical workings
highlight 
significant 
potential 
for 
new
discoveries 
and 
expansion 
of 
existing
mineralisation.
A Region Shaped by Gold and Iron Heritage
Proven Legacy of Gold and Iron Mining Gold by
Ramelius, Iron by Mineral Resources.
Gold mining in the region dates back to 1901,
with multiple shafts and workings throughout
the project area.
Historical 
production 
Evanston 
occurred
between 1937–1951 and 1998–2000.
Untapped Potential: Limited exploration as a
non-core asset for Ramelius presents a
substantial opportunity for Leeuwin.
MARDA KEY HIGHLIGHTS
MARDA GOLD PROJECT ACQUISITION
Proven Track Mining Record 
Previously mined by Ramelius Resources (RMS),
producing 2.3Mt @ 1.9g/t Au (143koz) from
seven pits (2019–2023).
Shallow open pits extend to only 50–70m
depths, 
demonstrating 
strong 
operational
feasibility and resource continuity.
Location & Tenure
Prime Location: 120km north of Southern Cross,
400km northeast of Perth.
Extensive Footprint: 510km² of tenure with 100%
ownership 
across 
mining 
and 
exploration
leases.
Processing Hubs Nearby
Multiple plants within the region, including Edna
May (Ramelius Resources, ASX: RMS), just
~170km away.
6
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1 | www.leeuwinmetals.com
MARDA CENTRAL
GOLD
High Priority Exploration on Granted Mining Lease
Advance exploration targets within the +3km mine trend
4 open pits with mining within the top 50m
Multiple areas for follow up within mine trend defined by BIF’s within mining lease
Multiple High Impact Target Areas
Dolly Pot-Dugite-Python-Goldstream: Multiple drill targets along strike and at
depth of existing pits
Cobra: priority target with 200m strike defined already 
1m @ 42 g/t Au
Taipan: priority target with 300m strike defined already 
1m @ 15.84 g/t Au
1m @ 27.75g/t Au
Marda 4: 100m strike 
18m @ 1.68g/t Au
28m @ 1.52g/t Au
Multiple workings remain underexplored within the mining lease
Geology
Deposits are characterised by quartz veining within BIF’s
BIF extensions remains a high priority target within M 77/394
Limited exploration outside of Mine area within the 3km of strike 
Map projection MGA94 z50.  All drill results stated are unmined. 
7
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1 | www.leeuwinmetals.com
Marda Central
Trend
RMS HISTORICAL
PRODUCTION
FROM MARDA 
2.3 MT @ 1.9 G/T 
FOR 143 KOZ*
Dolly Pot
Dugite
Python
Gold Stream
MARDA CENTRAL
EXISTING MINES
Historical Workings within the
Marda Central Project area
*For detailed information, please refer to Ramelius Resources' Annual Report released on 18 October 2024.
8
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1 | www.leeuwinmetals.com
EVANSTON - MARDA NORTH
Exploration Potential with Multiple stacked veins
Limited follow up drilling, open in all directions within +1.4km of surface strike
extents 
Geology
Strike Extensions within Underexplored BIF Unit with mineralisation dipping 30
degrees to the north west 
Mineralisation has been defined within top 20m vertical, open in all directions
High Impact Target Areas with Multiple +5g/t intercepts
Significant high grade intercepts include;
3m @ 7.9g/t Au
2m @ 16.75g/t Au
3.6m @ 16.4g/t Au 
8m @ 5.76g/t Au
Surface Exploration to generate new drill targets
Multiple areas require mapping and rock chip sampling within the +4.5km of
strike of the tenement
Interpreted Surface Expression 
at Evanston
Under explored historic pits with limited modern exploration
GOLD
Map projection MGA94 z50.  All drill results stated are unmined. 
9
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1 | www.leeuwinmetals.com
Evanston Mine
Trend
Open
MARDA
EXISTING MINES
Stacked Mineralised
 Structures in Evanston Pit Wall
View Looking South West at Evanston Mine
10
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1 | www.leeuwinmetals.com
GOLD
MARDA NORTH
Multiple High-Grade Target Areas
Die Hardy
Shallow single open pit mined within the top 50m, with a total production by
Ramelius of 35.4koz @ 1.69g/t Au
Untested at depth and along strike, presenting significant potential for expansion
Mt King
Limited historical drilling has revealed high-grade shoots, significant results
include:
15m @ 7.47g/t Au
4m @ 7.27g/t Au
The area remains underexplored, with vein and BIF-associated high-grade zones
evident near numerous historical workings
Red Legs
Requires follow-up drilling to evaluate growth potential
Mineralisation occurs within BIF, influenced by supergene enrichment, suggesting
near-surface and structurally controlled opportunities for expansion
Map projection MGA94 z50.  All drill results stated are unmined. 
11
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1 | www.leeuwinmetals.com
MARDA SOUTH
GOLD
Advanced exploration targets within mine trend with 1 open pit with mining
within the top 50m 
Exploration Potential
Untested extensions within the +3km mine trend offer opportunities for further high-
grade discoveries within the mining lease
High-Grade Zones
Multiple significant drill intercepts for follow up, including Golden Orb (2m @ 9.1 g/t),
indicate strong potential for expansion
Strike Extensions within Underexplored BIF Unit 
The BIF unit remains largely underexplored, providing a promising target for future
drilling campaigns
Golden Orb (600m strike) and Golden Orb West (200m strike) remain open along
strike and at depth, suggesting further high-grade continuity
Multiple Targets
Targets such as Humm and Rattle demonstrate broad mineralisation potential with
+1 g/t intercepts in RAB drilling
Map projection MGA94 z50.  All drill results stated are unmined. 
12
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1 | www.leeuwinmetals.com
MARDA WEST
GOLD
Multiple Target Areas
Exploration Potential
Untested extensions across multiple prospects
Majority of drilling is RAB with limited RC drilling outside of known prospects
High-Grade Zones
Significant drill intercepts for follow up beneath exiting pit, including:
2m @ 8.8g/t Au
1m @ 26.8g/t Au
King Brown West has multiple drill intercepts for follow up and remains open at
depth and along strike
Strike Extensions within Underexplored Units
BIF-Mafic contact remain a key target
Targeting veins associated with BIF unit
Multiple Targets
Footwall targets at King Brown West is a priority area for further exploration
Map projection MGA94 z50.  All drill results stated are unmined. 
13
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1 | www.leeuwinmetals.com
Q4 2024
Q1 CY2025
Q2 CY2025
Q3 CY2025
Q4 CY2025
 Marda Gold
   Drilling
   Regional Exploration
 West Pilbara Iron
    Tenure Grant
   Exploration
    Heritage & Drill Permitting
 Cross Lake Lithium Project
   Drilling
   Prospecting
Completion of Marda Acquisition
CORPORATE & EXPLORATION TIMELINE
Well funded with multiple catalysts in 2025
Exploration Approach
Near Mine:
  Focus on existing mining leases to test extensions of ore bodies 
Brownfields:  Testing historical anomalies targeting new ideas and depth potential
Greenfields: Grass roots exploration, review of historical data, mapping, soil sampling, auger and rock chipping
 CORPORATE
 EXPLORATION ACTIVITIES
Note: Future activities are indicative and subject to change.
14
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1 | www.leeuwinmetals.com
ABOUT LEEUWIN
Leeuwin Metals Ltd (ASX: LM1) is an ASX-listed exploration company focused on
discovering and developing high-value mineral resources across a diversified portfolio.
Why Marda Gold:
Proven Mining History: Established open pits and drill intercepts on granted Mining
Leases
Strategic Location: Close to infrastructure, granted mining leases and processing
hubs, reducing time to production.
Diversification: Complements our portfolio of critical metals with exposure to gold in a
world class jurisdiction.
Our Portfolio:
Marda Gold Project (Western Australia): A transformative acquisition, the Marda Gold
Project adds a significant precious metal asset to our portfolio, with a strong potential
for growth. The project is strategically located near key infrastructure and processing
facilities.
West Pilbara Iron Ore Project (Western Australia): Featuring high-grade iron ore
(>50% Fe) over a 2.4-kilometre strike length, strategically located near Rio Tinto’s Mesa
A mine.
Nickel, Copper, PGE, and Lithium Projects (Canada and Western Australia): Highly
prospective exploration targets supporting the global demand for critical battery
metals in North America, with strong exploration upside.
Our Vision:
To responsibly explore and develop projects, leveraging opportunities to enhance
shareholder value through discovery.
Led by an experienced team with expertise in project generation, discovery, development,
operations, and transactions, Leeuwin Metals is positioned to unlock significant value from
the Marda Gold Project and our broader portfolio.
15
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1 | www.leeuwinmetals.com
Top 20 shareholders 
61%
Board & management
30%
Glencore
9.97%
Australian institutions
6%
LEEUWIN METALS
CORPORATE OVERVIEW
63.4M
Shares on issue 
LM1
ASX Code
$3.8m
Market Capitalisation
(as at 19/12/24)
$2.2m
Enterprise Value 
Significant shareholders
$1.6m
Cash at bank 
(as at 30/09/24)
Highly Experienced in Corporate Finance, Investment Banking &
Corporate Management. 
Mr. Jackson is currently Non-executive Chairman of Predictive
Discovery (ASX.PDI) and Non-executive Director of Resolute
Mining (ASX.RSG).
Geologist with extensive background in gold and nickel
exploration with a track record of discovery and corporate
development. 
Recent roles included Senior Geologist at Bellevue Gold Ltd
(ASX.BGL) where he was involved in the discoveries of Tribune,
Viago & Deacon, that have defined +3Moz.
He was also a part of the team that defined the Nova-Bollinger
high grade Nickel deposit which is now owned and operated by
IGO Ltd (ASX.IGO).
Mining Engineer with a unique blend of experience in mining
and finance and is passionate about mining green.
Mr. Williamson is the founder and currently the Managing
Director of Blackstone Minerals Ltd (ASX.BSX).
Experienced executive with extensive background in corporate
advisory, including ASX IPO’s and management of publicly listed
companies.
Currently the Non-Executive Director of Trigg Minerals (ASX.TMG),
Company Secretary for Perpetual Resources (ASX.PEC).
Non-Executive Director,
Corporate
SIMON JACKSON
Founder, Chairman,
Geologist
CHRISTOPHER PIGGOTT
Non-Executive Director,
Mining Engineer
SCOTT WILLIAMSON
Founder, Company Secretary,
Corporate
NICHOLAS KATRIS
16
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1 | www.leeuwinmetals.com
+61 8 6556 6427
Christopher Piggott
Managing Director
Leeuwin Metals Ltd
info@leeuwinmetals.com 
Contact Us
Leeuwin Metals Ltd ASX:LM1   |   www.leeuwinmetals.com
