 
13 March 2025 
 
ASX: CMM 
 
 
 
ACQUISITION OF KINGS FIND PROJECT 
CAPRICORN EXPANDS MT GIBSON PROJECT TENURE 
 
The board of Capricorn Metals Ltd (“Capricorn” or “the Company”) is pleased to advise that it has 
entered into a binding agreement with Serena Minerals Limited (“Serena”) to acquire the 
prospective Kings Find Project tenement (“Kings Find Project”). The Kings Find Project covers 
approximately 54 square kilometres of tenure located contiguous to the north of Capricorn’s Mt 
Gibson Gold Project (“MGGP”) tenure in the Murchison region of Western Australia. 
The Kings Find Project is considered highly prospective for gold mineralisation, featuring multiple 
settings conducive to hosting economic gold deposits. Capricorn has already identified four target 
zones for exploration within the project tenure, with the highest priority target located only 
35 kilometres NNE of current MGGP resources and in close proximity to the Great Northern 
Highway. 
 
Figure 1 - Kings Find Project tenure (magenta), MGGP tenure (blue) and recently acquired 
Mummaloo project tenements (green) 
The transaction consideration is $1.5 million, of which Capricorn has paid an initial cash deposit of 
$100,000 with the balance of the consideration to be paid by the issue of Capricorn shares. Further 
consideration includes the grant of a 1% net smelter royalty on the sale of any minerals.  
 
 
 
2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
The share issue consideration will be valued at the 20-day VWAP prior to completion occurring. 
Completion of the acquisition is expected in March 2025 being subject only to procedural conditions 
precedent.  
In addition, the Company has agreed to make contingent deferred payments as follows: 
• 
$750,000 upon the announcement by Capricorn of a JORC compliant Mineral 
Resource Estimate in excess of 100,000 ounces of gold on the Kings Find Project 
tenement; and 
• 
$750,000 upon the announcement by Capricorn of a board decision to commence a 
stand-alone commercial mining operation on the Kings Find Project tenement. 
Background on Kings Find Project 
The Kings Find Project, located approximately 325 kilometres north-northeast of Perth, lies 
between the townships of Wubin and Paynes Find within the Yalgoo-Singleton Greenstone Belt of 
the Murchison Province in Western Australia. This region is well-regarded for its significant mineral 
discoveries. The Yalgoo-Singleton Greenstone Belt spans 190 kilometres and extends in a north-
northwest direction from Mt Gibson to north of Yalgoo town. It hosts notable Volcanogenic Massive 
Sulphide (VMS) deposits, including the Cu-Pb-Zn-Ag-Au Golden Grove mine, and is also host to 
significant gold deposits such as Mt Gibson, Deflector, and Karara. 
The project covers approximately 54 square kilometres of tenure and is located contiguous to the 
north of Capricorn’s MGGP tenure. The project is highly prospective for gold mineralisation, 
featuring multiple settings conducive to hosting economic gold deposits with multiple historic small 
scale prospecting sites present on the tenure. Historically, gold exploration in this area has been 
limited to early-stage activities, predominantly in the mid-1990s. However, both historical and 
recent exploration efforts have underscored the potential of the project to support further near-
surface satellite resources and significant gold discoveries. 
Capricorn has identified four drill ready target zones for exploration within the Kings Find Project. 
This zone is geologically analogous to the main mineralisation of the Mt Gibson deposit, featuring 
historic workings in shear zones along a contact of metamorphosed and chlorite-biotite-muscovite 
altered mafic volcanics. Additional data has revealed geological settings favourable for shear-
hosted as well as felsic volcanic rocks that have the potential to host volcanogenic copper-lead-
zinc sulphide mineralisation similar to that of Golden Grove. Capricorn will use a focused approach 
to fully understanding and capitalising on the resource potential of the area. In Q4 Capricorn will 
commence broad scale geological and regolith mapping, and geochemical sampling in currently 
defined target areas. This work is designed to confirm targets for drilling in FY26. 
 
Capricorn Executive Chairman Mark Clark commented: 
“The acquisition of the Kings Find Project continues the expansion of Capricorn’s Mt Gibson 
exploration footprint and adds highly prospective targets very close to the Company’s current 
Mt Gibson resources. This provides Capricorn with an outstanding exploration opportunity with a 
view to adding meaningful additional ore sources to the Mt Gibson operation.  We look forward to 
commencing active exploration on the project in 2025.” 
This announcement has been authorised for release by the Capricorn Metals board. 
For further information, please contact: 
Mr Paul Criddle 
Chief Executive Officer 
E: enquiries@capmet.com.au 
T: +61 8 9212 4600 
 
 
 
 
 
 
3 
 
 
 
 
 
Forward Looking Statements 
This announcement may contain certain “forward-looking statements” which may not have been 
based solely on historical facts, but rather may be based on the Company’s current expectations 
about future events and results.  Where the Company expresses or implies an expectation of belief 
as to future events or results, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to 
have a reasonable basis. The detailed reasons for that conclusion are outlined throughout this 
announcement and all material assumptions are disclosed. 
However, forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other 
factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed, projected 
or implied by such forward-looking statements.  
Such risks include, but are not limited to resource risk, metals price volatility, currency fluctuations, 
increased production costs and variances in ore grade or recovery rates from those assumed in 
mining plans, as well as governmental regulation and judicial outcomes.   
For a more detailed discussion of such risks and other factors, see the Company’s Annual Reports, 
as well as the Company’s other filings. Readers should not place undue reliance on forward looking 
information. The Company does not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to 
any “forward looking statement” to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this 
announcement, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as may be required 
under applicable securities laws. 
