 
 
ASX:CYL 
Note 1: MRE includes Indicated Resources of 29Mt at 2.9g/t for 2.7Moz and Inferred Resources of 9Mt at 2.7g/t for 0.8Moz. ORE includes probable Reserves of 10.6Mt 
at 3.0g/t for 1.0Moz.  
Note 2: Refer to ASX announcement 11 October 2024 “Annual Update of Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve Statement” 
Note 3: Refer to ASX announcement 11 September 2024 “1Moz Reserve allows Catalyst to double production for A$31m” 
 
Catalyst to sell Henty while simultaneously 
unlocking value in Victoria  
Catalyst has retained exposure to Henty’s upside while backing a new 
management team which will have greater focus on operational execution  
• Catalyst has agreed to sell the Henty gold mine in Tasmania to Kaiser Reef 
• The transaction has various value components that in totality appeal to Catalyst 
• In exchange for Henty, Catalyst will receive: 
o A$15m upfront cash consideration  
o A$4m to be reimbursement from environmental bonding payments 
o A$14m in deferred gold consideration (3,000oz of future gold production) 
o A$14m via an ongoing equity interest (19.99% of the enlarged Kaiser) 
o 0.5% NSR royalty on gold produced from the Darwin Extension Target Zone 
o An option to acquire 50% interest in a Victorian processing plant situated 100km 
from Catalyst’s 26 g/t gold Resource2 at the Four Eagles gold project 
• The reasoning behind the transaction for Catalyst is threefold: 
o It frees up management’s time to focus on Plutonic and Western Australia  
o It backs a new management team at Henty who should be better able to dedicate 
the time required to realise Henty’s upside  
o Secures a processing solution, and a future, for Catalyst’s Four Eagles gold project in 
Victoria in order to create value for our shareholders in an asset that was not being 
valued by the broader market 
• There are a number of challenges to operating in Victoria. By entering into this option 
agreement, Catalyst has, for no cost, solved one of these key hurdles 
 
Catalyst Metals Limited (Catalyst or the Company) (ASX:CYL) is pleased to announce that it has 
entered into a binding agreement to sell the Henty Gold Mine in Tasmania to ASX listed Kaiser 
Reef Limited (Kaiser) (ASX:KAU).   
Catalyst’s Managing Director & CEO, James Champion de Crespigny, commented: 
“Catalyst believes focus is important. 18-months ago, Catalyst committed itself to Western 
Australia by consolidating the Plutonic Gold Belt. Henty’s operating nature means the time 
required for it to realise value and upside of Henty was costly. This transaction allows Catalyst to 
focus on Western Australia while still sharing in the upside that can come from a new, more 
focused, operating team. 
The value proposition for Catalyst is compelling due to a novel transaction structure. 
Consideration is in two parts – more easily quantifiable cash and trailing payments and the harder 
to quantify equity in Kaiser and option over a Victorian mill.  
The equity interest is attractive in this gold price environment while the option to solve a 
processing problem in Victoria has, we think, considerable value to our shareholders on an asset 
that is not being valued by the broader market.”
ASX Announcement  
24 March 2025 
Catalyst Metals’ flagship 
asset is the 40km long 
Plutonic Gold Belt in 
Central 
Western 
Australia. This belt hosts 
the Plutonic Gold Mine 
which currently produces 
85koz pa at an AISC of 
A$2,192/oz.  
Over the next 12 to 18 
months, Catalyst plans to 
bring three new mining 
areas into production.  
These projects have a low 
capital intensity – A$31m 
in total.  Each will be 
processed through the 
existing, 
currently 
underutilised 
and 
centrally 
located 
processing plant.  
With 
Resource 
infill 
drilling, 
Catalyst 
is 
targeting a five year mine 
plan across four mines, 
feeding 
a 
central 
processing plant.   
Catalyst 
also 
controls 
+75km of strike length 
immediately north of the 
historic +22Moz Bendigo 
goldfield.  Here, Catalyst 
has delineated a high-
grade, 
greenfield 
resource at 26 g/t Au 
with further discoveries 
along strike expected.  
 
Capital Structure 
Shares o/s: 226m 
Options: 3.1m 
Rights: 8.1m 
Cash & Bullion: A$84m 
Debt: nil 
 
Reserve and Resource1,2 
MRE: 3.4Moz at 2.9g/t Au 
ORE: 1.0Moz at 3.0g/t Au 
 
Corporate Details 
ASX: CYL 
E:investors@catalystmet
als.com.au 
 
 
 
 
 
2 
ASX:CYL 
catalystmetals.com.au 
Transition of Henty to New Focussed Entity in Which Catalyst Will Retain a Strategic Interest 
Henty has played an important role in Catalyst’s evolution as an Australian gold producer.  In 2021, Catalyst 
acquired an asset in disrepair and neglect. Under Catalyst’s ownership mining rates have lifted, the processing 
plant is operating at name plate capacity (for the first time since 2008) and mine life has been extended from 
less than a year to five years1 – possibly the longest in the mine’s history.   
This has translated into a 66% increase in production and has created a stable operating platform onto which 
Kaiser now steps.  This places Henty in a good position for the next phase in its life.     
Upon completion of the transaction, Catalyst will become a 19.99% shareholder in Kaiser and will be entitled 
to nominate a director to the Kaiser board.  This partnership will allow Kaiser to leverage Catalyst’s knowledge 
of Henty and provide Catalyst with exposure to additional value that a focused Kaiser team can unlock with 
Henty as its flagship asset.  
Option and Joint Venture Over Victorian Process Plant 
Catalyst will also be granted a 12-year option to buy a 50% interest in the Maldon Processing Facility, a 
permitted and fully operational 200,000t pa processing plant 100km South of Catalyst high grade Four Eagles 
gold project. The reason for such an option structure is that Catalyst does not need to manage nor pay for the 
costs of running the plant.  The processing plant is in a good condition. It is being utilised at 30% of its capacity 
and as such, the plant can be kept in good working order, without cost to Catalyst, until Catalyst requires it. 
Kaiser currently trucks ore 350km across Victoria from its A1 operations to the Maldon processing plant. Similar 
trucking activities occur throughout Victoria. As such, Catalyst believes its high grade, 26 g/t, gold Resource2 at 
Four Eagles will be amenable for processing at Maldon. 
The option granted to Catalyst comes with various rights. Catalyst has the right to take control of managing the 
Maldon plant should it wish. It also has the right to expand it as it sees fit.  Should Catalyst expand the 
processing plant, it will do so at its own cost (by way of loan to the joint venture) but will be entitled to use the 
majority of the processing plant’s capacity until the loans used to expand the plant are repaid.  These loans are 
to be funded via standard industry terms plus a margin. 
Catalyst also has various pre-emptive and other such rights typical of a transaction of this kind. 
Obviously, there are a number of challenges to operating in Victoria. By entering into this option agreement, 
Catalyst has, for no cost, solved one of these key hurdles. Catalysts believes this can create significant value in 
its portfolio that is not currently recognised by the market. 
Documentation and Completion of the Transaction 
Under the definitive documentation, completion of the Henty sale is subject to the following conditions 
precedent being satisfied or waived: 
o ASX not departing from its in-principle advice that Listing Rule 11.2 (ie. requiring a listed entity to 
obtain the prior approval of its shareholders if it proposes to make a significant change in the nature 
or scale of its activities) will not apply to the transaction; 
o Kaiser acquiring shareholder approval as required by Listing Rule 7.1 for the issue of the consideration 
shares to Catalyst and the issue of shares under Kaiser's proposed equity raising, and as required by 
sections 260A and 260B of the Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) to give full effect to the grant of security 
under a general security deed; 
o No material adverse change occurring at Henty; and 
o Kaiser raising at least A$20 million (before costs). 
 
1 Sourced from internal records and ASX announcement 11 October 2024 “Annual Update of Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve Statement” 
2 Refer to ASX announcement 11 October 2024 “Annual Update of Mineral Resource and Ore Reserve Statement” 
 
 
 
 
 
3
ASX:CYL 
catalystmetals.com.au 
The definitive documentation contains other terms and conditions typical for an agreement of this nature 
including standard representations and warranties provided by both Kaiser and Catalyst.  
For further detail on the terms of the Henty sale, and Catalyst’s option to form a joint venture with Kaiser in 
the Victorian goldfields (which is subject to the completion of the Henty sale), please refer to both Kaiser’s 
transaction announcement titled “Transformational Acquisition of the Henty Gold Mine” and investor 
presentation released on the ASX today.   
 
Conclusion 
This transaction structure will benefit Catalyst at three levels. First, it immediately realises value through the 
cash consideration while retaining exposure to Henty’s potential via a dedicated team and vehicle. Second, the 
option over the Maldon processing plant enhances the value of Catalyst’s Victorian assets. Finally, it enables 
Catalyst’s management to focus on the Plutonic Gold Belt.  In the past twelve months, activity has ramped up 
significantly.  With Plutonic East having achieved first stoping ore, project development activities are shifting 
to K2 and Trident. Meanwhile. twelve exploration rigs are conducting a 320,000m exploration program across 
the belt, positioning Catalyst to unlock substantial value.  
 
Taylor Collison is acting as financial advisor and Thomson Geer is acting as legal advisor to Catalyst in relation 
to the transaction. 
 
The Company refers to the current trading halt on its securities and advises that following the receipt of 
material assay results from a diamond drilling programme at the Trident project, the Company has requested 
a voluntary suspension of its securities pending the lodgement of an announcement in relation to the results 
from the drilling programme. 
 
This announcement has been approved for release by the Board of Directors of Catalyst Metals Limited. 
 
Investors and Media: 
 
Craig Dingley 
  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Catalyst Metals 
  
 
 
 
 
T: +61 (8) 6324 0900 
  
 
 
 
 
investors@catalystmetals.com.au    
 
 
 
JORC 2012 Mineral Resources and Reserves 
Catalyst confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the original market 
announcements and that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in the relevant market announcements 
continue to apply and have not materially changed. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Persons findings 
are presented have not been materially modified from the original market announcement. 
Catalyst confirms that all the material assumptions underpinning the production target, or the forecast financial information derived from a 
production target, in the initial public report continue to apply and have not materially changed.  
