ASX Announcement | ASX: SRZ
3rd December 2024
Stellar Signs MOU On Existing Mine Infrastructure
Adjacent to Heemskirk Tin Project
HIGHLIGHTS:
• Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) signed with Australian Hualong Pty Ltd, a private
company with several Retention and Exploration Licences adjacent to Stellar’s Heemskirk Tin
Project on the west coast of Tasmania.
• The Licences include several historical mining occurrences, and the more recent Comstock
mining operation associated with the Alison opencut Lead-Zinc deposit, now exhausted.
• The Comstock site contains tailings storage facilities (TSF), a water supply, grid power, a waste
rock dump, a ROM pad, level plant site and other office and plant facilities.
• Stellar has commenced a Prefeasibility Study (PFS) on its Heemskirk Tin Project and as part of
that study is exploring several options to bring Heemskirk into development.
• The options include (1) building a standalone project or (2) using existing infrastructure in the
region including toll treating or (3) a combination of both.
• As part of the PFS, Stellar has engaged several consultants, including local engineering groups
to evaluate the most suitable TSF facility for the Project and Comstock will be evaluated
against the current proposed site and other nearby locations.
• The recent Scoping Study indicated that the project will be an underground operation with a
small surface footprint, utilising Tasmania’s renewable grid power and the Company will
investigate options to incorporate existing regional infrastructure where practical.
• The MOU is non-binding between the parties and Stellar has a 6-month exclusivity period from
the date of signing.
Stellar’s Managing Director Mr Simon Taylor commented:
“Our recent base case Scoping Study confirms a 10-year mine life utilising only the Indicated resources from
our MRE, which is likely to grow substantially when we update our resource in 2025. Our prefeasibility and
baseline environmental studies are progressing well and as part of those studies we will explore all options
including both reusing existing infrastructure and or building a standalone plant, so we are pleased to have
signed an MOU over Comstock. The Licences are contiguous with the Stellar Project and has potential
synergies with existing haul roads, waste dumps and tailings facilities. Our initial results from our 2024
drilling program have been outstanding and emphasise Heemskirk is a large tin system with all the hallmarks
for development into a world class, long-life tin operation.”
Stellar Resources Limited | ASX: SRZ | ABN: 96 108 758 961
Level 5, 56 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia
T: +61 2 8823 3179 | E: srzinfo@stellarresources.com.au
stellarresources.com.au @SRZ_Tin

ASX Announcement | ASX: SRZ
3rd December 2024
Stellar Resources Limited (ASX: SRZ, “Stellar” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce that it has
signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with Australian Hualong Pty Ltd, a private company
with several Retention and Exploration Licences located to the south and adjoining Stellar’s
Heemskirk Tin Project, near Zeehan on the west coast of Tasmania.
The MOU area of investigation is contiguous with Stellar’s Project. The Comstock Plant site is 4km
via Trial Harbour Road from Heemskirk. The MOU is non-binding between the parties and Stellar
has a 6-month exclusivity period from the date of signing with an exclusion on the Tenth Legion Iron
Project.
Refer to Figure 1 for location of the MOU area in relation to the Heemskirk Tin Project.
Figure 1 – Location of Heemskirk Tin Project and adjacent Comstock Plant Site and other Infrastructure.
Stellar Resources Limited | ASX: SRZ | ABN: 96 108 758 961
Level 5, 56 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia
T: +61 2 8823 3179 | E: srzinfo@stellarresources.com.au
stellarresources.com.au @SRZ_Tin

ASX Announcement | ASX: SRZ
3rd December 2024
– ENDS –
This announcement is authorised for release to the market by the Board of Directors of Stellar
Resources Limited.
For further details please contact: For broker and media enquiries:
Simon Taylor Jason Mack
Managing Director & CEO Communications Advisor
Stellar Resources Limited White Noise Communications
T: 0409 367 460 T: +61 400 643 799
E: simon@stellarresources.com.au E: jason@whitenoisecomms.com
Forward Looking Statements
This report may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are
not limited to, statements concerning Stellar Resources Limited’s planned activities and other
statements that are not historical facts. When used in this report, the words such as “could”,
“plan”, “estimate”, “expect”, “intend”, “may”, “potential”, “should” and similar expressions are
forward-looking statements. In addition, summaries of Exploration Results and estimates of
Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves could also be forward-looking statements. Although Stellar
Resources Limited believes that its expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are
reasonable, such statements involve risks and uncertainties and no assurance can be given that
actual results will be consistent with these forward-looking statements. The entity confirms that it
is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in this
announcement and that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning this
announcement continue to apply and have not materially changed. Nothing in this report should be
construed as either an offer to sell or a solicitation to buy or sell Stellar Resources Limited
securities.
Stellar Resources Limited | ASX: SRZ | ABN: 96 108 758 961
Level 5, 56 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia
T: +61 2 8823 3179 | E: srzinfo@stellarresources.com.au
stellarresources.com.au @SRZ_Tin

ASX Announcement | ASX: SRZ
3rd December 2024
About Stellar Resources:
Stellar Resources (ASX:SRZ) is focused on developing its world class Heemskirk Tin Project located in the mining
friendly jurisdiction of Zeehan, Western Tasmania. The Company has defined a substantial high-grade resource
totalling 7.48Mt at 1.04% Sn, containing 77.87kt of tin1 This ranks the Heemskirk Project as the highest-grade
undeveloped tin resource in Australia and third globally.
The focus for the Company is to complete exploration and resource drilling at the Heemskirk Project to further grow the
resource and increase its confidence by upgrading of its resource classifications. Currently, a large proportion of the
resource is classified in the indicated category totalling 3.52Mt at 1.05% Sn for 37kt of contained tin and with 3.96Mt at
1.03% Sn for 41kt of contained tin the Inferred category.
Stellar also made a major discovery at its North Scamander Project in September 2023, with a maiden exploration
drillhole intersecting a significant new high-grade silver, tin, zinc, lead and Indium polymetallic discovery. The
Company has also delineated multiple down hole conductions via DHEM and FLEM surveys, providing high priority
follow up targets.
Stellar Resources Heemskirk Tin Project Location
1 SRZ ASX Announcement 4 September 2023 – Heemskirk Tin Project MRE Update. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information
or data that materially affects the information included in the original market announcement and that all material assumptions and technical
parameters underpinning the Mineral Resource Estimate in the original market announcements continue to apply and have not materially changed.
Stellar Resources Limited | ASX: SRZ | ABN: 96 108 758 961
Level 5, 56 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW 2000, Australia
T: +61 2 8823 3179 | E: srzinfo@stellarresources.com.au
stellarresources.com.au @SRZ_Tin

