AS X: ORP
ASX RELEASE I 24 December 2024
SALE OF ORPEHUS’ INTEREST IN WESTERN
AUSTRALIAN HIGGINSVILLE JOINT VENTURE
Highlights
• Divestment of interest in non-core Higginsville joint venture in Western Australia, consistent with the
Company’s strategy to refine its portfolio and prioritise Uranium Exploration.
• Orpheus has received $150,000 cash consideration from minority JV partner Loded Dog Prospecting
for the Company’s 80% interest in the joint venture.
• Orpheus will utilise the funds to contribute to exploration activities associated with key assets in
South Australia and the Northern Territory, whilst contributing towards developing Orpheus
geologically relevant project pipeline.
Orpheus Uranium Limited (ASX:ORP) (“Orpheus” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce the sale of
the Company’s 80% interest in its Western Australian Higginsville joint venture, which includes an 80%
interest in E15/1489. The sale has been executed between Orpheus and minority JV partner unlisted private
company Loded Dog Prospecting Pty. Ltd. (LDP). As consideration for the sale Orpheus has received
$150,000, with the acquisition resulting in LDP regaining a 100% interest in the joint venture and the
tenement.
The divestment of the joint venture interest aligns with Orpheus’ uranium focussed exploration strategy, whilst
extracting value from the Company’s historic assets. Orpheus will utilise the funds to contribute to exploration
activities associated with key assets in South Australia and the Northern Territory, whilst contributing towards
developing Orpheus geologically relevant project pipeline.
Orpheus’ Chief Executive Officer Clint Dubieniecki commented:
"We are pleased to announce the successful sale of the non-core joint venture interest and tenement.
This divestment will allow us to unlock capital that will be reinvested into our priority exploration
assets, which remain central to Orpheus’ long-term uranium focused strategy."
-END-
ASX: ORP I Orpheus Uranium Limited I ABN 97 008 084 848 orpheusuranium.com
79 King William Road, Unley info@orpheusuranium.com
South Australia 5061 +61 8 8231 0381

TABLE:
AS X: ORP
ASX RELEASE I 24 December 2024
SALE OF ORPEHUS’ INTEREST IN WESTERN
AUSTRALIAN HIGGINSVILLE JOINT VENTURE


ASX: ORP
This announcement was approved for release by the Board of Orpheus Uranium Limited.
For further information, please contact:
Chief Executive Officer Non-Executive Director &
Company Secretary
Clinton Dubieniecki Richard Willson
E. clinton@orpheusuranium.com E. Richard@orpheusuranium.com
About Orpheus Uranium
Orpheus Uranium Limited is an Australian Securities Exchange listed exploration company exploring for uranium in South
Australia and the Northern Territory, both jurisdictions which allow uranium mining and processing.
ASX: ORP I Orpheus Uranium Limited I ABN 97 008 084 848 orpheusuranium.com
79 King William R oad, Unley info@orpheusuranium.com
South Australia 5061 +61 8 8231 0381

TABLE:
Chief Executive Officer
Clinton Dubieniecki
E. clinton@orpheusuranium.com | Non-Executive Director &
Company Secretary
Richard Willson
E. Richard@orpheusuranium.com

