12 March 2025
Pine Ridge Transaction Investor Conference Call
Global Uranium and Enrichment Limited (ASX: GUE, OTCQB: GUELF) (Global Uranium, GUE or the Company)
is pleased to invite shareholders to an investor conference call hosted by Managing Director, Andrew Ferrier.
Andrew will provide an update on the Pine Ridge Uranium Project acquisition followed by a Q&A session.
Event: Global Uranium and Enrichment Investor Conference Call
Presenter: Andrew Ferrier, Managing Director
Time: Thursday, 13th March 2025 - 8:00am AWST / 11:00am AEDT
Participants are required to pre-register for the call using the link below.
Registration Link: https://s1.c-conf.com/diamondpass/10046075-juh78y.html
Once pre-registered you will receive a calendar invite and a unique code when dialling into the call.
This announcement has been authorised for release by the board of Global Uranium and Enrichment Limited.
Further information:
Andrew Ferrier Paul Ryan
Managing Director Media and Investor Relations
E: info@globaluranium.com.au E: paul.ryan@sodali.com
P: +61 8 6117 9338 P: +61 409 296 511

An Emerging Uranium Powerhouse
Global Uranium and Enrichment Limited in an Australian public listed company providing unique exposure to not only uranium
exploration and development but the uranium enrichment space. Amid a nuclear energy renaissance, Global Uranium is
developing a portfolio of advanced, high grade uranium assets in prolific uranium districts in the U.S. and Canada, and has
established a cornerstone position in Ubaryon, an Australian uranium enrichment technology.
Asset Portfolio:
• Pine Ridge Uranium Project (Wyoming, USA): Located in premier uranium mining region with an Exploration Target range
established. More than 1,200 holes have been drilled on the property which identified over 140 miles of redox fronts with
potential to define a substantial In-Situ Recovery uranium resource base.
• Tallahassee Uranium Project (Colorado, USA): JORC 2012 Mineral Resource estimate of 52.2 Mlbs U O at a grade of
3 8
530ppm U O 1 with significant exploration upside. Located in Colorado’s Tallahassee Creek Uranium District, host to more
3 8
than 100 Mlbs U O.
3 8
• Athabasca Basin Projects (Saskatchewan, Canada): Portfolio of six high-grade exploration assets in the Athabasca Basin,
home to the world’s largest and highest-grade uranium mines. Portfolio includes the Newnham Lake Project with grades of
up to 1,953ppm U O in historic drilling and the Middle Lake Project with boulder-trains with grades of up to 16.9% U O.2
3 8 3 8
• Ubaryon Investment (Australia): Cornerstone position in Ubaryon, an Australian uranium enrichment technology.
• Maybell Uranium Project (Colorado, USA): High grade Exploration Target established at the project.3 Historical production
of 5.3 million pounds of U O (average grade 1,300ppm).
3 8
• Rattler Uranium Project (Utah, USA): Located within La Sal Uranium District, Utah, 85km north of White Mesa
Uranium/Vanadium mill, the only operating conventional uranium mill in the USA.
1 Competent Persons Statement - Information on the Mineral Resources presented, together with JORC Table 1 information, is contained in the ASX announcement dated 5
September 2024 and titled “Tallahassee Uranium Project JORC Resource increased to 52.2 Mlbs U3O8”. Measured 2.96Mlbs of 550 ppm U3O8, Indicated 21.01Mlbs of 610
ppm U3O8, Inferred 28.2Mlbs of 480 ppm U3O8 calculated applying a cut-off grade of 250ppm U3O8. Numbers may not sum due to rounding. Grade rounded to nearest
10ppm.
The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information in the relevant market announcements, and that the form
and context in which the Competent Persons findings are presented have not been materially modified from the original announcements. Where the Company refers to
Mineral Resources in this announcement (referencing previous releases made to the ASX), it confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially
affects the information included in that announcement and all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the Mineral Resource estimate with that
announcement continue to apply and have not materially changed. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Persons findings are presented
have not materially changed from the original announcement.
2 Refer to the Company’s ASX announcement dated 9 November 2021 for the JORC details of the Athabasca Projects and other historical information. The Company confirms
that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the original market announcement of 9 November 2021.
3 Refer to the Company’s ASX announcement dated 14 December 2023 for the Exploration Target and JORC details. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new
information or data that materially affects the information included in the original market announcement of 14 December 2023. Historical production data has been sourced
of an article in Rocky Mountain Association of Geologists (1986) titled “Geology and Production History of the Uranium Deposits in the Maybell, Colorado Area” from W. L.
Chenoweth.

