 
               
1
 
NEW TENEMENTS GRANTED AT EAST KIMBERLEY PROJECT 
  
 
7 November 2024 
 
 
 
Peako Limited (ASX: PKO) (Peako or the Company) is pleased to that it has received notification 
from the Department of Energy, Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety that tenements E80/5704 
and E80/5703 have been granted (Figure 1). The tenements were identified as areas of interest 
for lithium and rare earth (REE) prospectivity. 
 
Figure 1. Peako’s East Kimberley tenement package 
 
The Minneroo Pool Lithium Project is located in E80/5703 (Figure 2). Peako has identified evidence 
of potential Lithium-bearing pegmatite systems and large untested alkaline granitoid bodies within 
the project area having potential for several mineralisation styles including structurally-controlled 
pegmatite dykes as well as intrusion hosted and intrusion related models.  
 
Historically Li-fertile granites, associated anomalous Nb, Sn, Ta, REE, Pb and Cu mineralisation, 
have been mapped adjacent to and intruding onto Peako’s tenement. There is no record of lithium 
exploration having  previously been undertaken in this area. 
 
Following an initial reconnaissance visit to the Minneroo Pool Project areas during September 2023 
an interpretation of satellite imagery and reprocessing of Government open-file radiometrics data 
was completed. The new interpretation and reprocessing has resulted in the identification of 
numerous interpreted pegmatites and other areas of interest for future field validation (Figure 2).
 
               
 
2
 
 
Figure 2. Minneroo Pool Project potential for Lithium-bearing pegmatites 
 
 
 
This announcement is approved by the Board of Peako Limited 
For more information 
Ryan Skeen 
CEO, Peako Limited | +61 409 000 679 | rskeen@peako.com.au |  
 
 |  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Li-bearing pegmatite schematic model
Mapped 
granite
Mapped 
granite
W, Sn, Ta 
occurrences
Potential 
granites 
below cover
Satellite imagery interpretation
Minneroo Li Project Location
Radiometric 
area of 
interest
Radiometric 
area of 
interest
E80/5704
E80/5703
