 
 
 
R E G I S T E R E D  O F F I C E :  
Level 5, Suite 6 189 Kent Street, Sydney, New South Wales 2000 | GPO Box 2733, Sydney NSW 2001 
+61 2 8046 2799 | admin@greenvaleenergy.com.au  |  www.greenvaleenergy.com.au 
A B N  5 4  0 0 0  7 4 3  5 5 5  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 September 2024 
 
 
GREENVALE ACQUIRES THE DOUGLAS RIVER URANIUM 
PROJECT IN THE WORLD-CLASS PINE CREEK MINERAL 
FIELD, NT (RE-RELEASE) 
 
Greenvale Energy Limited (ASX: GRV, “Greenvale” or “the Company”) refers to its ASX 
release dated 28 August 2024, titled “Greenvale acquires The Douglas River Uranium Project 
in the World-Class Pine Creek Mineral Field, NT” (Release). 
The Release has been amended to include additional information required under JORC, 
with a copy of the amended release attached to this announcement. 
 
Authorised for release:  
This announcement has been approved by the Board of Greenvale for release.  
For further details, contact:  
Mark Turner  
CEO  
Mobile: 0459 519 999  
 
Media Inquiries:  
Nicholas Read  
Read Corporate  
Nicholas@readcorporate.com.au  
Mobile: 0419 929 046 
 
 
 
 
 
R E G I S T E R E D  O F F I C E :  
Level 5, Suite 6 189 Kent Street, Sydney, New South Wales 2000 | GPO Box 2733, Sydney NSW 2001 
+61 8 6215 0372 | admin@greenvaleenergy.com.au  |  www.greenvaleenergy.com.au 
A B N  5 4  0 0 0  7 4 3  5 5 5  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
5 September 2024 
 
 
GREENVALE ACQUIRES THE DOUGLAS RIVER URANIUM 
PROJECT IN THE WORLD-CLASS PINE CREEK MINERAL 
FIELD, NT 
 
High-potential sandstone-hosted uranium project contains multiple shallow drill-ready 
targets analogous to the Honeymoon deposit in South Australia 
 
 
Highlights: 
 
• 
Greenvale enters into a binding Heads of Agreement with Gempart (NT) Pty Ltd 
to acquire an initial 80% interest in the Douglas River Uranium Project, located 
200km south of Darwin in the Pine Creek Mineral Field. 
• 
The project is highly prospective for a suite of elements including uranium, tin 
and gold. 
• 
The Pine Creek Region is one of the world’s largest and richest uranium 
provinces, containing the Alligator River (Ranger and Jabiluka) deposits as well 
as the Rum Jungle and South Alligator Valley (Coronation Hill and El Sherana) 
deposits.  
• 
Despite this, the region remains lightly explored – particularly in the southern 
Daly Basin area, where the geology supports multiple ideal settings for 
sandstone-hosted uranium deposits. 
• 
The Douglas Project contains multiple Uranium/Thorium ratio anomalies 
concentrated within two interpreted palaeochannels on the western and 
eastern margins of the tenements.  
• 
Two compelling high-order radiometric anomalies have been identified in the 
eastern palaeochannel which are walk-up drill targets prospective for 
sandstone-hosted uranium mineralisation analogous to the Honeymoon (Boss 
Energy), Pamela/Angela and Napperby (Core Lithium) deposits.  
• 
These targets are interpreted to be shallow, less than 50m depth, and subject 
to field inspection could potentially be drilled using low-cost auger, sonic or 
air-core methods. 
Greenvale Energy Limited (ASX: GRV, “Greenvale” or “the Company”) is pleased to advise 
it has further enhanced its Australian energy portfolio with the acquisition of a highly 
prospective sandstone-hosted uranium exploration project in the prolific Pine Creek 
Mineral Field in the Northern Territory.  
Greenvale has entered into an acquisition agreement with Gempart (NT) Pty Ltd over 
EL33670 and ELA33900 (Figure 1), comprising the Douglas River Uranium Project, 
located in the Daly Basin on the south-western portion of the Pine Creek Mineral Field. 
 
 
G R E E N V A L E  E N E R G Y  L I M I T E D  
2 
 
 
Figure 1: Douglas Project Location Map 
 
Greenvale has secured the rights to obtain an immediate 80% interest in the two 
tenements with the original project owner, Gempart (NT) Pty Ltd, being free-carried 
through to a Definitive Feasibility Study (DFS). Greenvale has incurred a small upfront cost 
of approximately $20,000, payable to Gempart as reimbursement of data acquisition costs 
to secure its 80% interest in the tenements. 
Management Comment 
Greenvale CEO, Mark Turner said: “This is a compelling addition to Greenvale’s portfolio, 
giving our shareholders exposure to a commodity which has exceptional market fundamentals 
because of the growing use of nuclear energy as an essential source of baseload energy for 
the global energy transition.   
“The Douglas Project is an extensive and highly prospective ground package located in the 
heart of one of the world’s great uranium provinces, which hosts several world-class deposits 
and yet has remained virtually unexplored for over a decade. Importantly, the farm-in 
agreement is attractively structured with a low upfront entry cost and, because the targets are 
shallow, the project can be explored with low-cost drilling techniques.   
“There are multiple uranium/thorium ratio anomalies within two interpreted palaeochannels, 
including two compelling drill targets on the eastern side of the tenements. These targets are 
analogous to the Honeymoon deposit in South Australia, which recently commenced 
operations, as well as the Pamela/Angela and Napperby deposits. We are very much looking 
 
 
G R E E N V A L E  E N E R G Y  L I M I T E D  
3 
forward to getting on the ground and commencing exploration activities at this exciting new 
project.”  
The Project 
The Douglas Project is located about 200km south of Darwin in the Daly Basin on the 
south-western side of the Pine Creek Mineral Field. The project area has been historically 
explored for numerous minerals including uranium, gold, tin, base metals, REE’s and 
diamonds with extensive anomalism defined from surface sampling (Figure 2.) 
 
Figure 2: EL 33670 & ELA 33900 Historical surface sampling & exploration results 
 
The most recent exploration was that of  United Uranium in 2012.  It included a Tempest 
airborne EM survey over the entire project area and a close-spaced (50m) airborne 
radiometric survey over a well-defined geochemical anomaly in the eastern 
paleochannel.  
United’s work defined significant paleochannels located on the eastern margin of the 
Project area. Data reassessment commissioned by Greenvale using advanced 
 
 
G R E E N V A L E  E N E R G Y  L I M I T E D  
4 
interpretation software has highlighted palaeochannels on the eastern and western 
margins of the Project area (Figure 3). 
Historical 400m line spaced airborne magnetics/radiometric survey by the NTGS had 
defined multiple U/Th ratio anomalies which are concentrated within the eastern and 
western paleochannels with two highly anomalous zones defined in the eastern 
paleochannel.  
United followed up eastern paleochannel ground sampling with a close-spaced airborne 
radiometric survey immediately over the south-eastern anomaly which defined a 
significant drill target. United ceased work due to a downturn in the uranium market at 
that time.. The south-eastern anomaly is considered by Greenvale to be an immediate drill 
target.  
The north-eastern uranium anomaly is defined by 400m line spacing radiometrics and 
requires close-spaced (100m) airborne radiometrics to better define the anomaly prior to 
drilling. 
Greenvale proposes to fly detailed airborne magnetics/radiometrics at 100 metre line 
spacing over all interpreted palaeochannel target areas as a precursor to ground 
exploration.  
 
Figure 3: EL 33670 & ELA 33900 Interpreted palaeochannels and proposed Airborne 
surveys 
 
 
 
 
G R E E N V A L E  E N E R G Y  L I M I T E D  
5 
Key Terms of the agreement 
• The tenements vendor is Gempart (NT) Pty Ltd. 
• Purchaser is Greenvale Utilities Pty Ltd, a 100% subsidiary of Greenvale Energy Ltd. 
• Greenvale to earn an 80% project interest by completing a Definitive Feasibility 
Study. The 80% interest is transferred to Greenvale upfront. 
• There is no time limit on completing the DFS, Greenvale to maintain tenements in 
good standing for duration of earn in period. 
• Greenvale may withdraw at any time and the tenements will revert to Gempart. 
• Once Greenvale has earned its 80% interest Gempart can opt to contribute pro rata 
to maintain its 20% interest or 1. Negotiate to sell its interest to Greenvale 2. Convert 
its 20% interest to a 1.5% NSR. 
 
Historical Exploration Summary 
NTGS databases “Historical Mineral Titles” and “GEMIS” Mineral Exploration Reports were 
interrogated to capture past exploration titles overlapping ELA33900 and EL33670, and 
all relevant reports were reviewed. Table 1 is a summary of historical titles and results. 
Figure 2 is a plan summarising previous surface sampling and results.  
 
Work on many promising prospects ceased prematurely due to corporate restructuring 
by the major exploration/mining companies, or lack of funds in the junior sector 
particularly in the period 2012-2015. 
 
Table 1:  Historical Tenement Overlapping ELA33900 & EL33670, Exploration work 
summary 
 
Title & Final Year 
Titleholder, (Report reference) & exploration work 
AP2518  
1972 
CRAE.  Collected small number of surface samples in Stray Ck area.  Best 
U assay 18 & 10ppm.   Concluded Jinduckin Fm and Cullen Granite not 
prospective but Stray Ck sandstone needs investigation. 
EL2197 
1981 
Territory Mining explored for Sn, diamonds, Cu, Co, Ni.  Panned samples 
from Cullen Granite.  Drainage samples from Douglas River in north of 
EL33900 revealed highly anomalous Ta, Sn and Nb.  No follow-up. 
EL5297 
1989 
Shell / Denehurst.  No anomalies from 43 drainage samples assayed for 
base & precious metals.  Denehurst took 3 drainage samples; panned cons  
assayed 3.1, 1.46 & 0.08ppm Au.  These have not been  followed-up.  
EL7673 
1994 
Stockdale.  One of 5 EL’s for diamond exploration.  Collected hundreds of 
drainage samples without locating kimberlites.  No chemical assays. 
EL7796 
1995 
Stockdale.  One of 5 EL’s for diamond exploration.  Collected hundreds of 
drainage samples without locating kimberlites.  No chemical assays. 
EL23569 
2012 
Red Rock Res / Resource Star.  Gold and uranium exploration on Cullen 
Granite – Pine Ck Shear.  Anomalous assays from rock chips from Woolgni 
Goldfield.    
EL24815 
2012 
United Uranium.  Substantial work for uranium within EL33900 area.  Low 
tenor base metal anomalies from rock chip and soil samples.   Flew 500m 
AEM which defined interpreted palaeochannels in Stray Ck area.  Detailed 
work included mag/rad survey, soil sampling and IP survey.  RC drilling 
aborted due to wet season and program then abandoned. 
EL25229 
2016 
 
Territory Uranium – Spectrum Rare Earths.  Substantial exploration for 
uranium and REE’s.  Work mostly west of EL33900 included airborne 
mag/rad & AEM, soil, drainage & rock chip sampling, Auger, RAB & 
 
 
G R E E N V A L E  E N E R G Y  L I M I T E D  
6 
Title & Final Year 
Titleholder, (Report reference) & exploration work 
diamond drilling, costeaning and trial pit.   Defined ten prospects including 
good REE mineralisation at Stromberg and Quantum.  “Area 16”  prospect 
in EL33900 has maximum 70ppm U & 735 TREE in rock chips. 
 
Authorised for release:  
This announcement has been approved by the Board of Greenvale for release.  
 
For further details, contact:  
Mark Turner  
CEO  
Mobile: 0459 519 999  
 
Media Inquiries:  
Nicholas Read  
Read Corporate  
Nicholas@readcorporate.com.au  
Mobile: 0419 929 046 
 
Competent Persons Statements 
The information in this announcement that relates to Exploration Results is based on 
information compiled by Mr. Graham Bubner who is a Member of the Australian Institute 
of Geoscientists. Mr. Bubner is a full-time employee of Asis International Pty Ltd and  has 
sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation under consideration 
to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the “Australian Code for  
Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves”. Mr. Bubner 
consents to the inclusion in the announcement of the matters based on his information in 
the form and context in which it appears. 
 
