ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
20 June 2024
Ida Holmes Junction Project expanded by Strategic Farm-in
HIGHLIGHTS
• Farm-in and Joint Venture agreement with Bellpark Minerals secures WYX the exclusive right
to earn into 2 key tenements :
o E36/1080, a granted exploration licence on the highly prospective Holmes Dyke and Ida
Fault regions of Western Australia. The project has had no modern exploration
undertaken and is contiguous with existing WYX tenements.
o E29/1167 “Mt Alexander Lithium Project”, a granted exploration licence with identified
pegmatite swarms located further south along the Ida Fault
• WYX can earn a 95% interest in the tenements under a two year farm-in.
• E36/1080 is strategically located along the Mount Holmes Gabbro, an underexplored mafic
dyke complex that is prospective for magmatic Ni-Cu-PGE mineralisation.
• E29/1167 holds the Mt Alexander Lithium Project adding further prospectivity to the WYX
portfolio.
Western Yilgarn NL (ASX: WYX) (“Western Yilgarn” or “the Company”) is pleased to announce the
execution of a binding farm-in and joint venture agreement with Bellpark Minerals Pty Ltd (“Bellpark”), a
wholly owned subsidiary of ASX-listed Mitre Mining Corporation Limited (ASX:MMC). The term sheet
provides for WYX to earn a participating interest of 95% in E36/1080 and E29/1167 (“Tenements”) over
a 2 year period.
Peter Lewis, Chairman of Western Yilgarn commented:
“The Bellpark farm-in augments the Ida Holmes Junction Project with a highly prospective and
contiguous extension along the Holmes Dyke. Viewing the supplied diagrams frames the Bellpark
lease E36/1080 is a strong strategic fit in the Company’s Ida Holmes Junction Project both in terms
of its geological positioning and its shared border with our existing leases. The highly prospective
Mt Alexander Lithium Project(E29/1167) provides further strategic positioning in a well-regarded
location ”
Western Yilgarn NL ACN 112 914 459
A SX : WYX Level 1, 2A / 300 Fitzgerald Street, North Perth WA 6006
www.westernyilgarn.com.au | Page 1 of 10

Key Farm-in and Joint Venture Terms
The key terms of the binding farm-in and joint venture agreement with Bellpark are summarised below:
• WYX has the exclusive right to earn a 95% interest in the Tenements during a two year period by
sole funding $120,000 on exploration expenditure on the Tenements.
• Bellpark (or its nominee) will receive 1 million ordinary shares in WYX (“Consideration Shares”)
escrowed for 12 months from the date of issue.
• WYX may withdraw from the farm-in on 30 days’ written notice, provided that it has met minimum
expenditure requirements on the Tenements (or a portion thereof) to the date of withdrawal
• Upon completion of the farm-in, the parties will form an unincorporated joint venture with WYX as
manager and the parties may contribute their pro rata share of expenditure or be diluted according
to standard dilution provisions unless Bellpark elects at that time to convert its participating
interest to a 1.5% net smelt return (NSR) royalty on production of minerals from the Tenements.
• Dilution of a party’s interest in the Tenements below 5% results in the withdrawal of that party
from the joint venture and conversion to a 1.5% NSR royalty from production of minerals from the
Tenements.
The Consideration Shares will be issued out of the Company’s available placement capacity under Listing
Rule 7.1.
Overview
Western Yilgarn’s Ida Holmes Junction Project (Project) is located ~50km to the southwest of Gold
Fields’ Agnew Gold Project and centered on the intersection of the Holmes Dyke and the Mt Ida Fault.
The Project comprises six granted contiguous exploration licenses which cover a combined area of
~477km2 and an option to farm-in to an additional 207km2 from the recently announced agreement with
Fleet Street Holdings projects covering the Holmes Dyke (30/01/2024).
The Ida Holmes Junction Project is located near two Tier 1 world-class nickel projects operated by BHP
(ASX:BHP), the Leinster and Mt Keith operations, along with several 2Moz+ gold operations including
the Agnew, Lawlers and Bellevue mining operations. The Project is also located ~60km north of Delta
Lithium’s (ASX:DLI) Mt Ida Lithium Project (12.7Mt @ 1.2% Li O reported in October 2022) and ~90km
2
south of Liontown Resources’ (ASX:LTI) Kathleen Valley Lithium Project (156Mt at 1.4% Li O (as of April
2
2021)).
Figure 1 below provides the location of the new Tenements. E36/1080 has had no known modern day
exploration completed to date, and E29/1167 exploration at the Mt Alexander project is summarised
below.
Western Yilgarn NL ACN 112 914 459
ASX : WYX Level 1, 2A / 300 Fitzgerald Street, North Perth WA 6006
www.westernyilgarn.com.au | Page 2 of 10

Figure 1. Location of BELLPARK E36/1080 and E29/1167 in relation to Ida Holmes Junction and Fleet Street tenements.
Western Yilgarn NL ACN 112 914 459
ASX : WYX Level 1, 2A / 300 Fitzgerald Street, North Perth WA 6006
www.westernyilgarn.com.au | Page 3 of 10

Mt Alexander Project
The Mt Alexander lithium project (E29/1167) sits within the newly defined and prolific pegmatite belt
hosted within the Western bifurcation of the Mt Ida Greenstone belt in Western Australia.
Mitre Mining Corporation Limited (ASX:MMC) (“Mitre”) announced on 7 August 2023 that surface trends
identified from aerial imagery (Figure below) had been confirmed to be pegmatite swarms from surface
reconnaissance (Figure 2).
Mitre subsequently took a total of 15 grab samples with the results for the initial field reconnaissance
work received (Appendix A and B). The results show the highly fractionated, fertile nature of the
pegmatites identified during the initial field trip with average K/Rb ratios <40. The results show elevated
Niobium (up to 128ppm), Tantalum (196ppm) and anomalous levels of Gallium (up to 61.7ppm).
The rock chip results themselves represent single point samples on individual pegmatites that extend
over 200m in strike and will be used to guide an expanded field mapping and sampling campaign which
is planned to further expand the pegmatite field and to further test the prospectivity of the tenure north of
the identified pegmatites.
Figure 2. Location plan of mapped pegmatites in Mt Alexander project
Western Yilgarn NL ACN 112 914 459
ASX : WYX Level 1, 2A / 300 Fitzgerald Street, North Perth WA 6006
www.westernyilgarn.com.au | Page 4 of 10

Figure 3. Pegmatite outcrop at the Mt Alexander project (sample location MTA003)
Western Yilgarn NL ACN 112 914 459
ASX : WYX Level 1, 2A / 300 Fitzgerald Street, North Perth WA 6006
www.westernyilgarn.com.au | Page 5 of 10

Authorised for release by the Board of Western Yilgarn NL.
For further information please contact:
Craig Moulton Ben Creagh
Consultant Media and Investor Relations
T 0406 932 187 E benc@nwrcommunications.com.au
About Western Yilgarn NL
Western Yilgarn is an early-stage mineral exploration company engaged in evaluation and development of highly prospective
projects across Western Australia’s emerging premier mining jurisdictions.
Forward Statements
This release includes forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements
concerning the Company’s planned exploration programs and other statements that are not historical facts. When used in this
release, the words such as “could”, “plan”, “estimate”, “expect”, “anticipate”, “intend”, “may”, “potential”, “should”, “might” and
similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Although the Company believes that its expectations reflected in these
forward-looking statements are reasonable, such statements involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties and are subject
to factors outside of the Company’s control. Accordingly, no assurance can be given that actual results will be consistent with
these forward-looking statements.
Competent Person Statement
The reported Exploration Results were compiled by Beau Nicholls, a Fellow of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr.
Nicholls has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to
the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for
Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’. Mr. Nicholls is a Principal Consultant with Sahara
Operations (Australia) Pty Ltd. He represents as the Competent Person for Western Yilgarn. He holds options in the Company.
Western Yilgarn NL ACN 112 914 459
ASX : WYX Level 1, 2A / 300 Fitzgerald Street, North Perth WA 6006
www.westernyilgarn.com.au | Page 6 of 10

Appendix A –
Mt Alexander Rock Chip Sample IDs, coordinates and Sample Type
Western Yilgarn NL ACN 112 914 459
ASX : WYX Level 1, 2A / 300 Fitzgerald Street, North Perth WA 6006
www.westernyilgarn.com.au | Page 7 of 10

Appendix B –
Multi-element assay data Initial field reconnaissance samples from pegmatites, gossans and barren qtz
dykes ME-MS61 L, 48 element 4 acid digest
Western Yilgarn NL ACN 112 914 459
ASX : WYX Level 1, 2A / 300 Fitzgerald Street, North Perth WA 6006
www.westernyilgarn.com.au | Page 8 of 10

JORC Tables
Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data
Criteria Commentary
Sampling techniques • Rock chip samples were collected bagged, labelled and submitted to ALS Laboratories for full suite analysis
using ICP-MS. All sample preparation was undertaken by ALS Laboratories in line with their standard sample
preparation procedures.
Drilling techniques • Not applicable
Drill sample recovery • Not applicable
Logging • Rock chip samples were photographed and their location recorded via GPS prior to despatch to ALS
laboratories.
• • Field observations were made of the nature and occurrence of the outcrop the samples were sourced from.
Sub-sampling • Whole samples were collected in sample bags .
• • Sampling practice is deemed appropriate to the geology of the deposit and complies with industry best
techniques and sample
practice.
preparation • • Samples are submitted to ALS geochemistry lab in Western Australia.
• • Samples are dried and crushed to 75% passing 2mm and pulverized to 75 micron 85% passing.
• • Laboratory QC procedures for rock chip assays involve the use of internal certified reference material as
assay standards, along with blanks, duplicates and replicates.
Quality of assay data • ALS Perth is a certified laboratory and follows industry best practice.
• • Laboratory QC procedures for rock chip assays involve the use of internal certified reference material as
and laboratory tests
assay standards, along with blanks, duplicates and replicates.
• • No QAQC issues were observed during assaying.
Verification of sampling • No drilling was conducted.
• • All data is documented, reviewed and stored by company geologists and consultants to ensure accurate
and assaying
• representations.
• • Oxide conversion calculations were made to Li2O, Nb2O3 and Ta2O3 using the· factors 2.1527, 1.4305
and 1.2211 respectively.
Location of data points • The grid system used is the Geodetic Datum of Australia 2020 (GDA2020) Zone 51 and all heights refer to
the Australian Height Datum.
• • Handheld Garmin GPS devices were used with accuracy ±5 metres.
Data spacing and • The samples are collected randomly and each sample only representative a single point on an individual
outcrop and may not represent the full grade continuity of the pegmatites due to the inherent nuggety nature
distribution
of pegmatites.
Orientation of data in • Not applicable as sampling was specifically done on visual pegmatites.
relation to geological
structure
Sample security • Rock chip sample security is maintained via end-to-end courier dispatch of samples and full chain of custody
• procedures through to receipt of analytical spreadsheet data.
Audits or reviews • No independent audits or reviews of sampling techniques and data has been conducted.
Western Yilgarn NL ACN 112 914 459
ASX : WYX Level 1, 2A / 300 Fitzgerald Street, North Perth WA 6006
www.westernyilgarn.com.au | Page 9 of 10

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | Commentary | 
Sampling techniques |  |  | • Rock chip samples were collected bagged, labelled and submitted to ALS Laboratories for full suite analysis
using ICP-MS. All sample preparation was undertaken by ALS Laboratories in line with their standard sample
preparation procedures. |  | 
Drilling techniques |  |  | • Not applicable |  | 
Drill sample recovery |  |  | • Not applicable |  | 
Logging |  |  | • Rock chip samples were photographed and their location recorded via GPS prior to despatch to ALS
laboratories.
• • Field observations were made of the nature and occurrence of the outcrop the samples were sourced from. |  | 
Sub-sampling
techniques and sample
preparation |  |  | • Whole samples were collected in sample bags .
• • Sampling practice is deemed appropriate to the geology of the deposit and complies with industry best
practice.
• • Samples are submitted to ALS geochemistry lab in Western Australia.
• • Samples are dried and crushed to 75% passing 2mm and pulverized to 75 micron 85% passing.
• • Laboratory QC procedures for rock chip assays involve the use of internal certified reference material as
assay standards, along with blanks, duplicates and replicates. |  | 
Quality of assay data
and laboratory tests |  |  | • ALS Perth is a certified laboratory and follows industry best practice.
• • Laboratory QC procedures for rock chip assays involve the use of internal certified reference material as
assay standards, along with blanks, duplicates and replicates.
• • No QAQC issues were observed during assaying. |  | 
Verification of sampling
and assaying |  |  | • No drilling was conducted.
• • All data is documented, reviewed and stored by company geologists and consultants to ensure accurate
• representations.
• • Oxide conversion calculations were made to Li2O, Nb2O3 and Ta2O3 using the· factors 2.1527, 1.4305
and 1.2211 respectively. |  | 
Location of data points |  |  | • The grid system used is the Geodetic Datum of Australia 2020 (GDA2020) Zone 51 and all heights refer to
the Australian Height Datum.
• • Handheld Garmin GPS devices were used with accuracy ±5 metres. |  | 
Data spacing and
distribution |  |  | • The samples are collected randomly and each sample only representative a single point on an individual
outcrop and may not represent the full grade continuity of the pegmatites due to the inherent nuggety nature
of pegmatites. |  | 
Orientation of data in
relation to geological
structure |  |  | • Not applicable as sampling was specifically done on visual pegmatites. |  | 
Sample security |  |  | • Rock chip sample security is maintained via end-to-end courier dispatch of samples and full chain of custody
• procedures through to receipt of analytical spreadsheet data. |  | 
Audits or reviews |  |  | • No independent audits or reviews of sampling techniques and data has been conducted. |  | 

Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results
(Criteria listed in the preceding section also apply to this section.)
Criteria Commentary
Mineral tenement and • Tenure covered includes WYX 100% owned E36/1010, E36/1011, E36/1028, E36/1065 and E36/1066
and
land tenure status
• Fleet Street Holdings Farm-in agreement for E36/1020, E 57/1235, E 36/1081; E36/1046 and
• Bellpark Holdings Farm-in agreement for E29/1167 and E36/1080,
Exploration done by Hawthorn Resources (ASX:HAW) conducted broad iron ore exploration that covered E29/1167 in 2009-
2010 (WAMEX report A088228) but did not cover the lithium ground.
other parties
• Multiple companies have explored the area east of E29/1167 for Nickel and associated minerals as well
as gold at the Mt Ida mine. No work extended as far as the Mt Ida fault zone
Mitre Mining Corp undertook the initial lithium reconniasancxe reported in this press release
Geology • The Bulga Project is located on the western edge of the Kalgoorlie Terrane. The project straddles the
Ida Fault, a significant Craton scale structure that marks the boundary between the Kalgoorlie Terrane
(and Eastern Goldfields Superterrane) to the east and the Youanmi Terrane to the west. The Bulga
Project geology comprises mainly granite with minor greenstone rocks, adjacent to the Mt Ida fault.
The project is considered prospective for :-
• Li bearing Pegmatites being target are considered to occur in swarms in proximity to granite and
greenstone lithologies. No pegmatites are recorded in the region but the region has extensive sand
cover.
• Layered intrusions associated with Ni-Cu-PGE are potentially located in the project as defined by
magnetic data and nearology of projects along strike.
• Gold is prospective in the region
• The Mt Alexander tenure sits on the western margin of the Mt Ida belt. • The belt is defined to the east
by the copperfield granite and to the west by the Mt Bevan BIF formation which is bound by the Mt Ida
Fault zone.
• The greenstone sequence bound by the East and West margins is a series of mafic and ultramafic
unit running in a north south trend. These have been intruded by a sequence of late dolerite units.
• Late NE/SW faults cut the entire sequence and offset it dextrally. • Pegmatites swarms run for -15km
along the belt in a general E-W orientation
Drill hole Information • Not applicable
Data aggregation • Not applicable
methods
Relationship between • Not applicable
mineralisation widths
and intercept lengths
Diagrams • See table, map, photos and diagrams in this report
Balanced reporting • All Results are reported
Other substantive • No other public available information is available
exploration data
Further work • Ground truthing anomalies will continue with mapping and grab sampling.
• Geochemistry will be assessed with ongoing analysis being undertaken by a specialist Geochemistry
along with potential to undertake and airborne EM survey along with Aircore and RC drilling to test
anomalies defined.
Western Yilgarn NL ACN 112 914 459
ASX : WYX Level 1, 2A / 300 Fitzgerald Street, North Perth WA 6006
www.westernyilgarn.com.au | Page 10 of 10

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | Commentary | 
Mineral tenement and
land tenure status |  |  | • Tenure covered includes WYX 100% owned E36/1010, E36/1011, E36/1028, E36/1065 and E36/1066
and
• Fleet Street Holdings Farm-in agreement for E36/1020, E 57/1235, E 36/1081; E36/1046 and
• Bellpark Holdings Farm-in agreement for E29/1167 and E36/1080, |  | 
Exploration done by
other parties |  |  | Hawthorn Resources (ASX:HAW) conducted broad iron ore exploration that covered E29/1167 in 2009-
2010 (WAMEX report A088228) but did not cover the lithium ground.
• Multiple companies have explored the area east of E29/1167 for Nickel and associated minerals as well
as gold at the Mt Ida mine. No work extended as far as the Mt Ida fault zone
Mitre Mining Corp undertook the initial lithium reconniasancxe reported in this press release |  | 
Geology |  |  | • The Bulga Project is located on the western edge of the Kalgoorlie Terrane. The project straddles the
Ida Fault, a significant Craton scale structure that marks the boundary between the Kalgoorlie Terrane
(and Eastern Goldfields Superterrane) to the east and the Youanmi Terrane to the west. The Bulga
Project geology comprises mainly granite with minor greenstone rocks, adjacent to the Mt Ida fault.
The project is considered prospective for :-
• Li bearing Pegmatites being target are considered to occur in swarms in proximity to granite and
greenstone lithologies. No pegmatites are recorded in the region but the region has extensive sand
cover.
• Layered intrusions associated with Ni-Cu-PGE are potentially located in the project as defined by
magnetic data and nearology of projects along strike.
• Gold is prospective in the region
• The Mt Alexander tenure sits on the western margin of the Mt Ida belt. • The belt is defined to the east
by the copperfield granite and to the west by the Mt Bevan BIF formation which is bound by the Mt Ida
Fault zone.
• The greenstone sequence bound by the East and West margins is a series of mafic and ultramafic
unit running in a north south trend. These have been intruded by a sequence of late dolerite units.
• Late NE/SW faults cut the entire sequence and offset it dextrally. • Pegmatites swarms run for -15km
along the belt in a general E-W orientation |  | 
Drill hole Information |  |  | • Not applicable |  | 
Data aggregation
methods |  |  | • Not applicable |  | 
Relationship between
mineralisation widths
and intercept lengths |  |  | • Not applicable |  | 
Diagrams |  |  | • See table, map, photos and diagrams in this report |  | 
Balanced reporting |  |  | • All Results are reported |  | 
Other substantive
exploration data |  |  | • No other public available information is available |  | 
Further work |  |  | • Ground truthing anomalies will continue with mapping and grab sampling.
• Geochemistry will be assessed with ongoing analysis being undertaken by a specialist Geochemistry
along with potential to undertake and airborne EM survey along with Aircore and RC drilling to test
anomalies defined. |  | 

