ASX Announcement
7 August 2024
Aruma Completes Copper and Uranium Projects Acquisition
Highlights
• Aruma has completed its acquisition of a copper and uranium exploration
project portfolio
• The projects are located in tier-1 mineral precincts in South Australia and
Queensland;
o The Wilan IOCG-Uranium Project in the Olympic Dam precinct in South
Australia; and
o The Fiery Creek Copper Project and Bortala Copper Project in the Mt Isa
region of Queensland
• All three projects have copper-gold (stratiform and IOCG) discovery potential
– as well as a playa lake uranium target at the Wilan Project
• High-grade copper assays – up to 36% Cu – reported from historical
exploration at Fiery Creek Project
• Priority targets identified at Bortala Project from review of historical
exploration
• Exploration of these projects is Aruma’s core focus and details of planned
fieldwork will be provided in the near term
Aruma Resources Limited (ASX: AAJ) (Aruma or the Company) is pleased to announce that is has
completed its acquisition of a portfolio of copper and uranium exploration assets in South Australia
and Queensland.
Aruma executed a share acquisition agreement to acquire the Wilan IOCG-Uranium Project in the
Olympic Dam precinct in South Australia, and the Fiery Creek Copper Project and the Bortala Copper
Project in the Mt Isa region of Queensland from NHM Holdings (Australia) Pty Ltd (NMHA) in the
previous quarter (ASX announcement 27 May 2024).
Completion of the Acquisition was subject to Aruma shareholder approval, which was granted at a
shareholder meeting on 1 August. The Company now advises that settlement in respect of the
acquisition has been completed via the issue of 26.5 million fully paid Aruma ordinary shares to
shareholders of NHMHA and 52.5 million options, as per the terms of the share acquisition
agreement.
The shares issued to NHMHA shareholders are subject to a voluntary escrow period of 6 months
from the date of issue. Further details of the acquisition are provided in ASX announcement of 27
May 2024.
Aruma Resources Ltd Issued Capital Business Office Board and Management
ACN 141 335 364 223,391,506 Shares 1st Floor, 2 Richardson Street JAMES MOSES – Non-Executive Chairman
ASX: AAJ 54,930,003 Listed options West Perth WA 6005 GLENN GRAYSON – Managing Director
68,500,000 Unlisted options T: + 61 8 9321 0177 BRETT SMITH – Non-Executive Director
E: info@arumaresources.com
www.arumaresources.com

Aruma has completed an initial assessment of the Projects. This has delivered positive outcomes,
with copper assays as high as 36% reported from exploration by previous explorers in rock chips
samples at the Fiery Creek Project and multiple initial exploration targets identified at the Bortala
Project. Further details are provided in ASX announcements of 2 July and 30 July 2024.
Aruma Resources managing director Glenn Grayson said:
“We are delighted to complete this pivotal acquisition, which will see Aruma expand focus into
key high-demand commodities, copper and uranium in two of Australia’s pre-eminent, active
mineral precincts. With the acquisition now complete, we plan to commence targeted, systematic
field work programs across the new projects to define drill targets, with the aim of progressively
drill testing priority targets to unlock each project’s full value proposition. We look forward to
sharing details of progress in our plans and work programs across the project portfolio in the
coming months.”
Figure 1: Aruma Resources project portfolio including Wilan IOCG-Uranium Project, South Australia and Fiery
Creek and Bortala Copper Projects, Queensland.
Planned Fieldwork
Initial field work at the Projects is proposed to include detailed geophysical surveys, particularly at
the Fiery Creek Project. Fiery Creek has regional-level gravity and magnetic data available only.
Aruma’s geophysical surveys will provide more detailed data, to create a structural model suitable
for exploring for structurally controlled Mt Isa-style orebodies. This data will form the base data to
create a pipeline of targets.
An initial field trip is planned to be undertaken to visit the more prospective areas with a plan to
follow up this work with ground geophysical surveys.
The Company plans to progressively drill priority targets identified by its target generation work.
www.arumaresources.com 2

New Projects Summary
Wilan IOCG-Uranium Project
The Wilan Project (EL6819, EL6870) covers a total area of 1,993km2 and is located on the eastern
side of the Gawler Craton in South Australia. It is situated just 140km from BHP’s Olympic Dam
Deposit, the world’s largest single source of copper-gold-REE and uranium.
The Wilan Project hosts a priority IOCG target and separate Playa Lake Uranium target. These will
both be key initial exploration targets for Aruma.
In the Gawler Craton, IOCG deposits have been identified with magnetic anomalies coincident
gravity anomalies. The IOCG target at Wilan is interpreted as having this signature. It is located in
the south-east of the Project, and has never been drill tested. Aruma plans to explore for IOCG
mineralisation in the Paleoproterozoic basement rocks at this target – as well as potential
sedimentary-hosted copper mineralisation in the basin rocks above the basement.
The Playa Lake Uranium target is located in the west of the Project area. The uranium target has
been identified through a radiometric anomaly with a co-incident helium hyperspectral response.
The radiometric and helium anomalies cover an area of approximately 4km x 1.5km. Aruma plans
to drill test these areas for uranium anomalism.
The Fiery Creek Copper Project
The Fiery Creek and Bortala Projects are located in the northern area of the world-class Mt Isa
copper-belt. Both projects are located in an under-explored region, which hosts multiple significant
copper mines.
Anglo American owns the majority of the tenure neighbouring Fiery Creek and the ground has
previously been held by MIM Holdings (now Glencore), BHP, RIO Tinto and Sumitomo. Limited
exploration has been undertaken at the Project area to date. The geology of the Fiery Creek Project
(EPM27879) is interpreted as analogous to the units that host copper deposits within the western
fold belt of the Mount Isa Inlier. Aruma plans to explore for stratiform copper deposits within the
Project area, and will also assess its IOCG potential.
The Bortala Copper Project
The Bortala Project (EPM28271) is located immediately south of 29Metals’ (ASX: 29M) Capricorn
Copper Project. The Bortala Project is interpreted as being prospective for Mount Isa/Mammoth-
style breccia copper deposits and epigenetic uranium mineralisation.
An east-north-east trending linear fault in the south of the Project area has copper-gold mineral
occurrences and historic workings identified by the Ashton Mining in 1989. The Bortala Project also
hosts members of the Mount Isa Group, which exhibit widespread lead-zinc anomalism, and strong
copper potential along bounding faults.
Aruma plans to explore the Bortala Project for an IOCG system, similar to those in the Cloncurry
district in Queensland and the Gawler Craton in South Australia.
Further commentary on the Projects is provided in ASX announcement of 27 May 2024.
This announcement has been authorised for release by the Board of Aruma Resources Ltd.
ENDS
www.arumaresources.com 3

For further information, please contact:
Glenn Grayson James Moses
Managing Director Investor Relations
Aruma Resources Limited Mandate Corporate
Telephone: +61 8 9321 0177 Mobile: +61 420 991 574
E: info@arumaresources.com E: james@mandatecorporate.com.au
About Aruma Resources
Aruma Resources Limited (ASX: AAJ) is an ASX-listed minerals exploration company focused on
the exploration and development of a portfolio of prospective projects in high-demand
commodities – copper and uranium - in world-class mineral belts, in South Australia and
Queensland. It also holds gold, lithium and REE prospective projects in Western Australia.
Competent person statement
The information in this release that relates to Exploration Results, Mineral Resources or Ore Reserves is
based on information compiled by Glenn Grayson who is a Member of the Australian Institute of
Geoscience (AIG). Mr Grayson is Managing Director and a full-time employee of the Company. Mr Grayson
has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under
consideration and to the activity being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012
Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserve’.
Mr Grayson consents to the inclusion in the release of the matters based on his information in the form
and context in which it appears. All exploration results reported have previously been released to ASX and
are available to be viewed on the Company website www.arumaresurces.com. The Company confirms it
is not aware of any new information that materially affects the information included in the original
announcement. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Person’s
findings are presented have not been materially modified from the original announcements.
Forward Looking Statement
Certain statements contained in this document constitute forward looking statements. Such forward-
looking statements are based on a number of estimates and assumptions made by the Company and its
consultants in light of experience, current conditions and expectations of future developments which the
Company believes are appropriate in the current circumstances. These estimates and assumptions while
considered reasonable by the Company are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other
factors which may cause the actual results, achievements and performance of the Company to be
materially different from the future results and achievements expressed or implied by such forward-
looking statements. Forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements preceded by
words such as “planned”, “expected”, “projected”, “estimated”, “may”, “scheduled”, “intends”, “anticipates”,
“believes”, “potential”, “could”, “nominal”, “conceptual” and similar expressions. There can be no assurance
that Aruma plans to develop exploration projects that will proceed with the current expectations. There
can be no assurance that Aruma will be able to conform the presence of Mineral Resources or Ore
Reserves, that any mineralisation will prove to be economic and will be successfully developed on any of
Aruma’s mineral properties. Investors are cautioned that forward looking information is no guarantee of
future performance and accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these
forward-looking statements
www.arumaresources.com 4

