Venture Minerals Limited | Level 2, 16 Altona Street, West Perth, Western Australia 
T: + 61 8 6279 9428 | F: + 61 8 6500 9986 | admin@ventureminerals.com.au  |  www.ventureminerals.com.au 
 
 
 
ASX Announcement 
Monday, 9 October 2023 
ASX - VMS 
 
Venture Minerals Board Update 
Venture Minerals Limited (ASX code: VMS) (“Venture” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce the 
appointment of Philippa Leggat to the role of Non-Executive Director. Philippa’s appointment follows 
Venture’s commitment to embark on a strategy aimed at recruiting new talent and skill sets to the 
Company’s Non-Executive team.  
The strategy will also see the current Non-Executive Chair, Mr Mel Ashton, retire from his position post 
the Annual General Meeting. The Company has commenced a recruitment process to secure a new 
Non-Executive Chair, with a number of high calibre candidates currently being considered.  
Philippa is a mineral industry executive with over 20 years of experience in advancing domestic and 
international projects along the value chain. She has served as an executive director and advisor to 
ASX listed companies engaged in capital raising, exploration, development and project evaluation. 
Philippa has a track record of negotiating value accretive project acquisitions and effectively 
communicating an organisation’s competitive advantages to raise its profile.  
In addition to her advisory work, Philippa previously served in ASX-listed companies as CEO of Comet 
Resources, Executive Director of Geopacific Resources and Non-Executive Director of Kula Gold, and 
Ensurance Ltd. She is currently a Non-Executive Director of Harena Resources, a private Australian 
company that is focused on developing a large Ionic Clay Rare Earths Project in Madagascar.  
Philippa is currently studying a master’s degree in Data Science Strategy and Leadership through 
RMIT, with a view to improving her ability to assist companies to use their data to gain insights and 
make better decisions. Philippa holds bachelor degrees in Commerce (financial management, strategy 
and risk) and Art (jewellery, gemmology and metallurgy). She is a graduate member of the Australian 
Institute of Company Directors. 
The Company would like to thank Mr Mel Ashton a founding director for his long service and 
contributions to Venture since it listed in 2006 and wish him success in his future endeavours.  
 
Venture’s Managing Director commented, “We are delighted to have Philippa join the Board of 
Venture Minerals as the Company looks to build its profile as it moves forward with its diversified 
portfolio of mineral assets with a strong representation in the Critical Minerals space. 
Philippa’s skill set will add another dimension to Venture’s strategic decision-making as it pushes 
towards developing sustainable Critical Minerals projects that are needed for decarbonization of the 
world’s economy. 
The Company would like to acknowledge the efforts of Mel who has provided Venture strong guidance 
over a sustained period of time especially on the Mount Lindsay Tin-Tungsten Project which is well 
positioned for future development.”
 
 
 
Page 2 
 
  Authorised by the Board of Venture Minerals Limited. 
 
Yours sincerely 
 
 
Andrew Radonjic 
Managing Director 
 
 
About Venture Minerals 
Venture Minerals Ltd (ASX: VMS) has refocused its approach to developing the Mount Lindsay Tin-
Tungsten Project in northwest Tasmania, already one of the world's largest undeveloped Tin-Tungsten 
deposits. With the recognition of Tin as a fundamental metal to the battery revolution and Tungsten 
being a critical mineral, Venture has commenced an Underground Feasibility Study on Mount Lindsay 
that will leverage off the previously completed open-pit feasibility work, and recently included 
additional, potential large-scale quantities of tin and boron within the current resource base, and 
extensively throughout the greater Mount Lindsay skarn system. The tin-borates have not previously 
been assessed in any mining studies. Borate minerals contain a large amount of Boron, a critical 
mineral in the solar panel industry. At the neighbouring Riley Iron Ore Mine, the mine is prepared for 
a quick restart should the market conditions become favourable. In Western Australia, Chalice Mining 
(ASX: CHN) recently committed to the second stage of the JV which requires a further $2.5 million of 
expenditure over the next two years to earn a further 19% interest (for a total of 70%) in Venture’s 
South West Project. At the Company’s Golden Grove North Project, SensOre (ASX:S3N) is farming 
in whilst Venture retains the REE rights, the earn-in includes drilling of the Vulcan High Grade REE 
Target. SensOre’s proprietary AI technology has already highlighted lithium and copper exploration 
potential at Golden Grove North. The Company has a significant Nickel-Copper-PGE landholding at 
Kulin with two highly prospective 20-kilometre long Ni-Cu-PGE targets within the Kulin Project, whilst 
recent exploration has identified clay hosted REE targets 
 
Contact details: 
Andrew Radonjic 
Managing Director 
 
Venture Minerals Limited 
Telephone: +61 (0) 8 6279 9428 
Email: admin@ventureminerals.com.au 
 
