 
 
 
Suite 2501-550 Burrard Street Vancouver BC V6C 2B5 | T: +61 (8) 6143 6702 | Email: info@benzmining.com 
TSXV:BZ, ASX: BNZ 
4 December 2024 
 
BENZ SECURES OPTION OVER STRATEGIC GROUND 
ADJACENT TO GLENBURGH GOLD PROJECT 
HIGHLIGHTS  
• 
Benz has secured an exclusive option to acquire highly prospective tenements adjacent to the 
Glenburgh Gold Project, increasing the total project tenure to ~898km2. 
 
• 
The option secures over ~20km of additional prospective strike adjacent to the Glenburgh 
Gold Project, significantly enhancing exploration potential. 
 
• 
Preliminary geological analysis suggests the ground covers the immediate extension of the 
prospective Glenburgh gneiss to the NE.  
Benz Mining Corp. (TSXV: BZ, ASX: BNZ) (Benz or the Company) is pleased to announce that it has 
executed an option agreement to acquire highly prospective tenements adjacent to the Glenburgh Gold 
Project in Western Australia, and a strategic tenement at the Mt Egerton Gold Project (Option Agreement). 
The execution of this Option Agreement to secure addition strategic ground aligns with our strategy of 
growing our resource base in Tier-1 mining jurisdictions. 
The Option Agreement provides Benz with the exclusive right to acquire the tenements, adding over 
~20km of additional prospective strike to the Glenburgh Gold Project. This expansion has the potential 
to enhance the exploration upside and complements the Glenburgh Gold Project. Preliminary geological 
analysis suggests the ground covers the immediate extension of the prospective Glenburgh gneiss to the 
NE.  
Figure 1: Location of the Glenburgh Project tenements subject to the Option Agreement. 
 
 
 
Suite 2501-550 Burrard Street Vancouver BC V6C 2B5 | T: +61 (8) 6143 6702 | Email: info@benzmining.com 
Mark Lynch-Staunton, CEO commented: 
"We are thrilled to secure this option over such a highly prospective land package adjacent to the Glenburgh 
Gold Project. This option agreement perfectly aligns with our strategy of expanding in world-class gold 
districts. 
“The addition of over 20km of prospective strike would significantly enhance the upside of Glenburgh, and 
we are confident it will deliver exceptional value for our shareholders. We look forward to completing the 
Spartan transaction and progressing exploration on this exciting new ground." 
 
Terms of the Option Agreement 
Pursuant to the Option Agreement, Benz has secured the exclusive right to acquire four tenements from 
Mining Equities Pty Ltd, an unrelated party (Vendor). Benz has the ability to exercise this option for a period 
up to 30 days following the successful completion of the previously announced acquisition of the Glenburgh 
and Mt Egerton Gold Projects from Spartan Resources Limited (ASX: SPR) (Spartan). In consideration for 
the option, Benz will pay the Vendor A$5,000. 
Benz may elect, at its sole discretion, to exercise the option and, if so, the following consideration is payable 
to the Vendor upon completion, subject to approval by the TSX Venture Exchange: 
• 
issuance of 500,000 fully paid ordinary shares in Benz; and 
• 
the grant of a 0.75% net smelter royalty. 
 
The Company has also agreed to issue a total of 1,000,000 options to certain consultants of the Company. 
All were granted in accordance with the Company’s Omnibus Equity Incentive Compensation Plan and are 
in accordance with policies of the TSX Venture Exchange. These options have an exercise price of C$0.45 
and expire on 18 December 2027. 
 
Refer to Appendix 1 for the complete tenement schedule of the Option Agreement.  
 
This announcement has been approved for release by the Board.  
 
For more information please contact: 
 
Mark Lynch-Staunton 
Chief Executive Officer 
Benz Mining Corp. 
E: mstaunton@benzmining.com 
T: +61 8 6143 6702 
 
 
 
Suite 2501-550 Burrard Street Vancouver BC V6C 2B5 | T: +61 (8) 6143 6702 | Email: info@benzmining.com 
About Benz Mining Corp. 
 
Benz Mining Corp. (TSXV:BZ, ASX: BNZ) is a pure-play gold exploration company dual-listed on the 
TSX Venture Exchange and Australian Securities Exchange. The Company owns the Eastmain Gold 
Project in Quebec, with a NI 43-101 and JORC (2012) compliant mineral resource of 1,005,000 
ounces at 6.1g/t Au, showcasing Benz's focus on high-grade, high-margin assets in premier mining 
jurisdictions. 
 
On 6 November 2024, Benz announced a binding agreement to acquire the Glenburgh and Mt 
Egerton Gold Projects in Western Australia from Spartan Resources Limited (ASX: SPR). This 
acquisition, once completed, will mark a transformational step, establishing Benz as a multi-
jurisdictional gold exploration company with a focus on unlocking value in underexplored assets. 
The Glenburgh Project features a Mineral Resource Estimate of 16.3Mt at 1.0 g/t Au (510,100 ounces 
of contained gold). 
 
Benz’s key point of difference lies in its team’s deep geological expertise and the use of advanced 
geological techniques, particularly in high-metamorphic terrane exploration. The Company aims to 
rapidly grow its global resource base and solidify its position as a leading gold explorer across two 
of the world’s most prolific gold regions. 
 
 
For more information, please visit: https://benzmining.com/.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Suite 2501-550 Burrard Street Vancouver BC V6C 2B5 | T: +61 (8) 6143 6702 | Email: info@benzmining.com 
Competent Person’s Statement (JORC Code) 
 
The information contained in this announcement that relates to the geological analysis of the 
tenements that are the subject of the Option Agreement, is based on and fairly reflects, information 
compiled by Dr Marat Abzalov. Dr Abzalov is an independent consultant of the MASSA Geoservices 
and was engaged by Benz Mining Corp. Dr Abzalov is a Fellow of The Australasian Institute of Mining 
and Metallurgy (#202718) and has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of 
mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration. Dr Abzalov has shares in Benz Mining Corp. 
Dr Abzalov consents to the inclusion in the report of the matters based on his information in the form 
and context in which it appears. 
 
The Mineral Resource Estimates for the Eastmain Project and the Glenburgh Project were previously 
reported in accordance with Listing Rule 5.8 on 24 May 2023 and 6 November 2024, respectively. 
The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the 
information included in the original market announcements and confirms that all material 
assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the Estimates continue to apply and have not 
materially changed. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent 
Person’s findings are presented have not been materially modified from the original market 
announcements. 
 
Historical Mineral Resource Estimates 
All mineral resource estimates in respect of the Glenburgh Project in this news release are 
considered to be “historical estimates” as defined under NI 43-101- Standards of Disclosure for 
Mineral Projects (NI 43-101). These historical estimates are not considered to be current and are not 
being treated as such. These estimates have been prepared in accordance with the Australasian 
Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves prepared by the 
Joint Ore Reserves Committee of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy, Australian 
Institute of Geoscientists and Minerals Council of Australia (JORC Code) and have not been reported 
in accordance with NI 43-101.  A qualified person (as defined in NI 43-101) (Qualified Person) has 
not done sufficient work to classify the historical estimates as current mineral resources. A Qualified 
Person would need to review and verify the scientific information and conduct an analysis and 
reconciliation of historical data in order to verify the historical estimates as current mineral resources.  
 
Forward-Looking Statements 
Statements contained in this news release that are not historical facts are "forward-looking 
information" or “forward looking statements” (collectively Forward-Looking Information) as such 
term is used in applicable Canadian securities laws. Forward-Looking Information includes, but is not 
limited to, disclosure regarding the acquisition of the Glenburgh and Mt Egerton projects as well as 
certain tenements adjacent thereto and the anticipated benefits thereof, planned exploration and 
related activities on the Glenburgh and Mt Egerton projects and the anticipated timing of completion 
of both acquisitions. In certain cases, Forward-Looking Information can be identified by the use of 
words and phrases or variations of such words and phrases or statements such as “anticipates”, 
“complete”, “become”, “expects”, “next steps”, “commitments” and “potential”, in relation to certain 
actions, events or results “could”, “may”, “will”, “would”, be achieved. In preparing the Forward-
Looking Information in this news release, the Company has applied several material assumptions, 
including, but not limited to, that all requisite approvals in respect of the both acquisitions will be 
received, and all conditions precedent to completion of the acquisitions will be satisfied, in a timely 
manner; the Company will be able to raise additional capital as necessary; the current exploration, 
development, environmental and other objectives concerning the Company’s Projects (including 
Glenburgh and Mt Egerton) can be achieved; and the continuity of the price of gold and other metals, 
economic and political conditions, and operations.  
 
 
 
Suite 2501-550 Burrard Street Vancouver BC V6C 2B5 | T: +61 (8) 6143 6702 | Email: info@benzmining.com 
Forward-looking information is subject to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors that 
could cause plans, estimates and actual results to vary materially from those projected in such 
forward-looking information. Factors that could cause the forward-looking information in this news 
release to change or to be inaccurate include, but are not limited to, the risk that any of the 
assumptions referred to prove not to be valid or reliable, that occurrences such as those referred to 
above are realized and result in delays, or cessation in planned work, that the Company's financial 
condition and development plans change, and delays in regulatory approval, as well as the other 
risks and uncertainties applicable to the Company as set forth in the Company's continuous 
disclosure filings filed under the Company's profile at www.sedarplus.ca and www.asx.com.au. 
Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on Forward-Looking Information. The 
Forward-looking information in this news release is based on plans, expectations, and estimates of 
management at the date the information is provided and the Company undertakes no obligation to 
update these forward-looking statements, other than as required by applicable law. 
NEITHER THE TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE NOR ITS REGULATION SERVICES PROVIDER (AS THAT 
TERM IS DEFINED IN THE POLICIES OF THE TSX VENTURE EXCHANGE) ACCEPTS RESPONSIBILITY 
FOR THE ACCURACY OR ADEQUACY OF THIS RELEASE. 
 
 
 
Suite 2501-550 Burrard Street Vancouver BC V6C 2B5 | T: +61 (8) 6143 6702 | Email: info@benzmining.com 
Appendix 1: Tenements the subject of the Option Agreement 
 
Tenement 
Holder 
Status 
Date of 
Application 
Date of 
Grant 
Date of 
Expiry 
Size (BL) 
E09/2928 
Mining 
Equities Pty 
Ltd 
Granted 
28/06/2023 
13/02/2024 
12/02/2029 
70 
E09/2929 
Mining 
Equities Pty 
Ltd 
Granted 
28/06/2023 
13/02/2024 
12/02/2029 
7 
E09/2952 
Mining 
Equities Pty 
Ltd 
Granted 
01/12/2023 
25/07/2024 
24/07/2029 
36 
E52/4360 
Mining 
Equities Pty 
Ltd 
Granted 
18/06/2024 
19/08/2024 
18/08/2029 
15 
 
