ASX Announcement
4 September 2024
Option to Purchase Land
Highlights
• Option agreement made to acquire strategically located land adjacent project area
• Additional mining lease area planned
• Creates efficient and ideal location for mining services and support infrastructure
Clara Resources Limited (“C7A” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce it has made an Option Agreement
with the owners of pastoral property Strathnairn. This 147Ha grazing and cropping property is located
immediately adjacent EL6234, the development tenement of the Ashford coking coal project.
The Option Agreement is for 5 years and has two components:
1. A Call Option which can be exercised by the Company at any time;
2. A Put Option which can be exercised by the Landowner once Clara has obtained all mining leases,
1

including over Strathnairn, the environmental consents to operate the Ashford mine, and mine
construction has commenced.
The Option Agreement includes Clara paying the Landowner an annual option fee. The purchase price,
should either option be exercised, has also been determined. Clara is undertaking discussions with other
Landholders near the project area so for reasons of commercial-in-confidence Clara is unable to disclose
these amounts at this time.
Clara will commence the process to obtain an ancillary services mining lease over the Strathnairn property.
The area is an excellent location for mining services and support infrastructure including coal handling
plant, stockpiles, product loading & dispatch, clean water dams and workshops. Having this area available
avoids the need to construct and fit this infrastructure inside the limited space of the existing tenement
area. Locating the ancillary services to Strathnairn will also make for a more efficient mine plan.
This ASX release was authorized by the Board of Clara Resources Australia Ltd.
Peter Westerhuis Duncan Gordon
Chief Executive Officer Investor Relations
Clara Resources Ltd T: +61 404 006 444
T: +61 7 3303 0681
E: info@clararesources.com.au
2

TABLE:
Peter Westerhuis
Chief Executive Officer
Clara Resources Ltd
T: +61 7 3303 0681
E: info@clararesources.com.au | Duncan Gordon
Investor Relations
T: +61 404 006 444

