ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
11th February 2025
Exploration Licence Granted for High-Grade Manganese Project in Pilbara
Following the Company’s 18 June 2024 announcement ‘Historical Data Review on
New Nullagine Project Confirms High Grade Manganese of up to 45.7%’, the Company
provides the following update.
HIGHLIGHTS
 E45/6949 application granted, covering 68 blocks in the highly prospective Pilbara mineral
field
 Historical rock chip samples indicate high-grade manganese, with assays up to 45.7% Mn*1
 Limited historical exploration presents significant upside potential
 Tenure includes key geological formations associated with high-grade manganese deposits
Great Dirt Resources Limited (ASX:GR8) (“Great Dirt” or “the Company”) is pleased to announce
that exploration licence E45/6949, part of the Nullagine Project, has been officially granted by the
Department of Energy, Mines, Industry Regulation and Safety.
The Nullagine Project comprising E45/6949 and E45/6950 is located in the East Pilbara region of
Western Australia, approximately 50km northeast of Consolidated Minerals’ high-grade Woodie
Woodie manganese mine and 400 km southeast of Port Hedland. E45/6949 spans approximately
218km² and is considered highly prospective for manganese mineralisation.
Managing Director Marty Helean commented: “We are pleased to confirm the grant of exploration
license E45/6949 in the highly prospective Pilbara mineral field. This zero cost accretion of valuable
manganese tenure reinforces our commitment to delivering shareholder value. We look forward to
advancing exploration efforts and providing further updates in due course. The team at Great Dirt
continue to look for value accretive assets, across various commodities, that would complement our
current projects."
*1ASX Announcement 18 June 2024.

Exploration Potential
Great Dirt compiled and reviewed historical exploration data on its newly acquired Nullagine
Project, located approximately 50km northeast of Consolidated Minerals’ Woodie Woodie
manganese mine.
Tenement E45/6949 is highly prospective for manganese, with historical rock chip samples returning
assays of up to 45.7% Mn. Historical exploration results, including high-grade manganese outcrops
and coincident geophysical anomalies, suggest strong potential for significant discoveries.
The tenement hosts the stratigraphically significant Pinjian Chert and Carawine Dolomite, the
primary host rocks for Woodie Woodie style manganese mineralisation.
Consolidated Minerals Pty Ltd (“ConsMin”) operates the high-grade, open pit Woodie Woodie
manganese mine. The Woodie Woodie operation comprises open-pit mining across several pits and
a 1.6mtpa processing plant. Manganese ore has been mined at Woodie Woodie since the early
1950’s and was the first bulk commodity exported from Port Hedland, 14 years before iron ore.
Woodie Woodie has historically produced a high-grade manganese ore with a high manganese
content, high manganese to iron ratio, low phosphorus and hard, competent nature. The ore is
produced from high grade fault hosted deposits located on or near the unconformity between the
Neoarchean Carawine Dolomite and the Paleoproterozoic Pinjian Chert breccia and sedimentary
units of the overlying Manganese Group.
Pending Exploration Licences
Nullagine Project
Application E45/6950 is currently subject to Objection 706373, lodged by Pilbara Manganese Pty
Ltd, the holder of EL45/351. The objection is scheduled for a hearing on March 14, 2025. In an effort
to facilitate a resolution, Great Dirt has formally requested to engage in discussions to address the
objection and has submitted a request for an access agreement. The company remains committed
to working collaboratively with all stakeholders to achieve a mutually beneficial outcome.
Aboriginal Heritage Protection Agreement for E45/6950 was signed in Q3 2024.
Pilbara Tenure Adjacent to Wildcat Resources
Application E45/6863 has successfully completed the native title advertising period, which
concluded on February 4, 2025, without any objections. In alignment with this progress, Great Dirt
has executed an Access Agreement for N050091 (Indigenous-held E45/6863) with Strelley Pastoral
Pty Ltd, ensuring the necessary permissions for access and exploration effective 30th January 2025.
Based on the current timeline and regulatory processes, Great Dirt anticipates that the application
will be granted in the first quarter of 2025.
Great Dirt Resources Ltd. | Level 4, 216 St Georges Terrace, Perth, WA 6000 | PH +61 8 9429 8842 | ACN 670 840 301 | www.greatdirt.com.au

Figure 1: Geological map of Tenement E45/6949 with historical rock chip sampling (See ASX Announcement dated
18 June 2024 for reference of historically reported exploration results).
Great Dirt remains committed to advancing its highly prospective manganese tenements and will continue
to provide updates as exploration progresses.
Great Dirt Resources Ltd. | Level 4, 216 St Georges Terrace, Perth, WA 6000 | PH +61 8 9429 8842 | ACN 670 840 301 | www.greatdirt.com.au

Authorised for release to the ASX by the Board of Great Dirt Resources LTD.
For further information, please visit or contact:
www.greatdirt.com.au
info@greatdirt.com.au
Great Dirt Resources Ltd. | Level 4, 216 St Georges Terrace, Perth, WA 6000 | PH +61 8 9429 8842 | ACN 670 840 301 | www.greatdirt.com.au

About Great Dirt Resources Ltd
Great Dirt’s Doherty and Basin Projects are contained within EL 9527, located near the Barraba township, in northern
NSW. These projects are prospective for high-grade manganese, with both projects having produced metallurgical and
battery grade manganese historically. The Doherty Project comprises the old Doherty and Junior Mines, plus other
workings and occurrences of manganese. The Basin Project contains several smaller manganese workings.
From 1941, for two decades, mines of the Doherty Project produced around 9,000 tonnes of battery and metallurgical
grade manganese, both from opencut and underground operations. The battery grade ore was delivered to Eveready
in Sydney for use in dry cell batteries, the metallurgical grade ore was purchased by BHP for use in steel production.
Great Dirt believes that historical work, while having discovered manganese, is unlikely to have located all sources in
the area. Floaters, large rock fragments in the soil profile, of high-grade manganese ore reported outside known mine
areas are a direct indication of unidentified manganese mineralisation. Additionally, notes on the mineral occurrences
of the area refer to extensions and deposits along strike that were not mined.
A program of modern, systematic,
geochemical and geophysical surveys
will test known targets and their
extents and could locate previously
unrecognised blind deposits.
Subsurface geophysical methods and
drilling is likely to yield further targets
that could be developed into projects
to produce metallurgical and battery
grade manganese.
Great Dirt has significantly expanded
its manganese exploration portfolio
following the acquisition of two
tenements (E45/6949 and E45/6950 – the ‘Nullagine Project’), ~ 50km northeast of Consolidated Minerals Woodie
Woodie manganese mine, in the Shire of East Pilbara, Western Australia.
Following a successful ballot application, Great Dirt has expanded its WA portfolio to include a position in one of the
most prominent lithium regions in Western Australia and worldwide. Tenement E45/6863 – ‘Pilbara Project’ is located
approximately 43km from Pilbara Minerals (ASX:PLS), Pilgangoora Lithium Project, one of the largest hard-rock lithium
deposits in the world.
Competent Person’s Statement
Information in this announcement that relates to exploration results is based on and fairly represents information and
supporting documentation prepared and compiled by Mr Michael Leu, who is a Member of the Australian Institute of
Geoscientists and a Member of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy. Mr Leu is the geological consultant
for Great Dirt Resources Ltd. Mr Michael Leu has sufficient experience, which is relevant to the style of mineralisation
and type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person,
as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves. Mr Michael Leu consents to the inclusion in the announcement of the matters based on this information in
the form and context in which it appears.
No New Information
Except where explicitly stated, this announcement contains references to prior exploration results, all of which have
been cross-referenced to previous market announcements made by the Company. The Company confirms that it is not
aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the relevant market
announcements.
Forward Looking Statement
This report contains forward looking statements concerning the projects owned by Great Dirt Resources Ltd. If
applicable, statements concerning mining reserves and resources may also be deemed to be forward looking statements
in that they involve estimates based on specific assumptions. Forward-looking statements are not statements of
historical fact and actual events and results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking
statements as a result of a variety of risks, uncertainties and other factors. Forward looking statements are based on
management’s beliefs, opinions and estimates as of the dates the forward looking statements are made and no
obligation is assumed to update forward looking statements if these beliefs, opinions, and estimates should change or
to reflect other future developments.
Great Dirt Resources Ltd. | Level 4, 216 St Georges Terrace, Perth, WA 6000 | PH +61 8 9429 8842 | ACN 670 840 301 | www.greatdirt.com.au

