ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
25 October 2024 
 
1 
                        
 
 
 
 
Nagambie Resources limited 
533 Zanelli Road 
Nagambie Vic 3608 
Australia 
 
ASX : NAG 
www.nagambieresources.com.au 
T : +61 (03) 5794 1750 
E : info@nagambieresources.com.au  
Non-Executive Chairman  
Kevin Perrin 
 
Executive Director  
Mike Trumbull 
 
Non-Executive Directors 
Alfonso Grillo 
Bill Colvin 
 
CEO  
James Earle 
 
For Enquiries: 
 
James Earle (CEO): 
james@nagambieresources.com.au 
 
  
Sale of Remaining 30% Interest in Redcastle Tenements 
 
 
 
 
Nagambie Resources Limited (ASX: NAG, “Nagambie” or the Company) announces that it has entered into a Sale and 
Purchase Agreement with Southern Cross Gold Limited (ASX: SXG) for Nagambie to sell its remaining 30% interest in the 
Redcastle Exploration Licences EL5546, EL007498 and EL007499. 
 
SXG had acquired a 70% beneficial interest in the ELs by carrying out $1,000,000 of exploration work. 
 
Nagambie will receive $250,000 cash from SXG under the agreement. Nagambie will also be refunded its $10,000 bond on 
EL5546 in due course. Nagambie will retain no interest in the Redcastle ELs. 
 
Nagambie considered that its remaining 30% interest in Redcastle was a non-core asset and that it should focus on its core 
asset, the high-grade gold-antimony discovery at the Nagambie Mine. As announced to the ASX on 31 July 2024, the current 
JORC Inferred Resource for the mineralisation is 415,000 tonnes grading 3.6 g/t gold, 4.3% antimony and 16.7 g/t gold 
equivalent.  As announced to the ASX on 14 October 2024, diamond drilling to expand the size of the discovery is planned 
to commence in early November.  
 
This announcement is approved for release by the Board of Directors. 
 
For further information, please contact:  
 
James Earle (CEO)  
Email: james@nagambieresources.com.au  
STATEMENT AS TO COMPETENCY 
The Maiden JORC Inferred Resource referred to in this announcement was first reported by Nagambie Resources in the 
ASX announcement dated 20 May 2024. The Competent Person for the 20 May 2024 announcement was Adam Jones and 
Adam Jones was also the Competent Person for the updated gold equivalent information provided in the ASX announcement 
dated 31 July 2024 regarding the Maiden JORC Inferred Resource. Adam Jones is not an employee or related party of 
Nagambie and he works independently for Adam Jones Geological Services. Results in this report have been compiled by 
Adam Jones who is a Member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists (MAIG).  Adam Jones has sufficient experience, 
which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activities undertaken, to 
qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the “Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, 
Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (The JORC Code). He consents to the inclusion in this report of the matters based on 
his information in the form and context in which it appears. 
FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
This report contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of securities laws of applicable jurisdictions.  Forward-
looking statements can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as “may”, “will”, “expect”, “target”, 
“intend”, “plan”, “estimate”, “anticipate”, “believe”, “continue”, “objectives”, “outlook”, “guidance” or other similar words, and 
include statements regarding certain plans, strategies and objectives of management and expected financial performance. 
These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which are 
outside the control of Nagambie Resources and any of its officers, employees, agents or associates. Actual results, 
performance or achievements may vary materially from any projections and forward-looking statements and the assumptions 
on which those statements are based.  Exploration potential is conceptual in nature, there has been insufficient exploration 
to define a Mineral Resource and it is uncertain if further exploration will result in the determination of a Mineral Resource.  
Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements and Nagambie Resources assumes no 
obligation to update such information.   
 
