 
ASX : AKA 
B R I N G I N G  V I C T O R I A ' S  G O L D  T O  L I F E  
1 
A S X  A N N O U N C E M E N T
 
Strategic Land Purchase at Irvine 
Project 
HIGHLIGHTS 
 
Aureka secures agreement on 97 hectares of land surrounding its Irvine Project 
in the Stawell Corridor 
 
Land purchase conﬁrms Aureka’s conﬁdence in the Irvine Project and provides 
long term security of access, reduced cost of exploration and allows ﬂexibility 
in deciding future infrastructure locations  
 
$2.2m of mortgageable land acquired at market value, by Aureka or its 
nominees on delayed settlement terms  
 
Purchase will not signiﬁcantly impact Aureka’s cash balance 
 
Land Purchase Underpins Project Future  
Aureka Limited (ASX: AKA, “Aureka”, “the Company”) is pleased to announce the acquisition of 97 hectares 
of land strategically encompassing its primary exploration tenements at the Irvine project in the Stawell 
Gold Corridor. This decisive move ensures uninterrupted access to the Company's established JORC 
resource of 304,000 ounces, its substantial exploration target of 280,000 to 420,000 ounces, and vital 
exploration areas.  
The purchase agreements shows Aureka’s conﬁdence in the Irvine Project as one of Victoria’s largest 
undeveloped gold resource projects, and means a permanent presence on-site, ﬂexibility in drill 
programs and provides for future infrastructure options. Overall, it will increase eﬃciencies as the 
exploration team uncover the full potential of the Resolution and Adventure lodes that comprise the 
Irvine Project.  
Aureka’s land strategy is capital light and the Company has entered discussions with parties so that the 
purchase will not signiﬁcantly impact Aureka’s cash balance which was $4.9m at 31 December 2024. The 
Contracts of Sale allow for extended settlement terms (up to 90 days) by Aureka, or its nominees. Aureka 
conﬁrms its use of funds as outlined in the prospectus 27-September-2024.  
The current diamond drilling program at the Irvine Project is progressing strongly with early samples 
being prepared for assay as reported on 6 and 17 March 2025. Progress to date has provided the 
conﬁdence to proceed with the land purchase agreements and long-term project planning.  
24 MARCH  2025 
 
ASX : AKA 
B R I N G I N G  V I C T O R I A ' S  G O L D  T O  L I F E  
2 
24 MARCH 2025 
At the Tandarra Gold Project JV, the 7-hole diamond drilling program was completed earlier in the month 
and samples also being prepared (see ASX release 7-Feb-2025).  
Managing Director James Gurry commented:  
“Acquiring these properties is an important step in delivering a path to production for the Irvine Project 
as we continue to uncover its true potential, we are building oﬀ a strong base that already contains 
302kOz of gold plus an exploration target of 280-420kOz1.”  
Aureka is committed to its good community standing the overall land use is not expected to vary from 
current activities. A management plan for the two properties will be developed to ensure the holdings 
are managed with careful environmental practices.   
The agreed transactions were formally assessed by JLL Value and Risk Advisory and are within the range 
of the market and the advertised asking prices with the purchase price of the land totalling $2.2m.   
 
This announcement has been approved for release by the Board of Directors.  
For further information, please visit www.aureka.com.au, or contact: 
James Gurry
Managing Director 
Em: james.gurry@aureka.com.au  
Ph: (03) 9692 7222 
Peter Taylor
Investor Relations 
Em: peter@nwrcommunications.com.au 
Mb: 0412 036 231 
 
 
 
 
 
1 Refer to footnotes 1 & 2 on page 3   
 
ASX : AKA 
B R I N G I N G  V I C T O R I A ' S  G O L D  T O  L I F E  
3 
24 MARCH 2025 
 
 
Aureka Limited (ASX: AKA) owns a portfolio of advanced 
stage high grade gold projects across Victoria. The 
company acknowledges and thanks the traditional 
owners and local communities where we work. The 
company's strategy is continuous exploration to uncover 
more of Victoria's high grade gold and work with 
neighbouring producers and strategic investors to 
advance projects toward development. 
Stawell Corridor 
Aureka's ﬂagship Irvine Project hosts a large inferred 
Mineral Resource (304koz at 2.43g/t)1 and additional 
Exploration Target (280-420koz, 2-3g/t)2 on the margins 
of a basalt dome only 20km from the operating Stawell 
Gold Mine (~ﬁve million ounce)3. The Company is 
currently diamond drilling the Resolution lode at Irvine to 
extend the resource down plunge as well as inﬁll drilling 
with a view to an update the Resource in 2025. Irvine 
highlight drill results include: 5.0m @ 10g/t, 9.4m @ 
5.3g/t and 10.8m @ 4.5g/t.4 
Tandarra Gold
Aureka owns a 49% contributing interest in the high-
grade Tandarra Gold Project, only 50km northwest of 
Agnico Eagle's world-class Fosterville Gold Mine, and 
40km north of the 22-million-ounce Bendigo Goldﬁeld. 
The project is subject to annual drilling campaigns as it 
advances 
toward 
a 
maiden 
Resource. 
Tandarra 
highlight results include 9m @ 14.8g/t, 12.9m @ 
33.1g/t, 3.40m @ 5.97g/t Au.5 
St Arnaud 
Aureka's tenements encompass the historical St Arnaud 
Goldﬁeld and its associated mines including the 
Comstock Open Pit. The ﬁeld consists of several lines of 
reefs historically worked to the southern edge of shallow 
Murray Basin cover. Aureka is undertaking a diamond 
drilling program below the Comstock pit as well as 
employing geophysics and other modern technology to 
follow the lines of reef north. St Arnaud highlight 
results 9m @ 6.1g/t , 4m @ 3.0g/t , 20m @ 1.8g/t , 6.2m 
@ 3.7g/t.6 
 
Board 
 Contact Us 
Graeme Hunt 
Non-Executive Chairman 
Phone 
+61 3 9692 7222 
Email 
info@aureka.com.au 
 
 
 
James Gurry 
Managing Director 
Head Oﬃce + Postal Address 
Level 4, 100 Albert Road 
South Melbourne Victoria 3205 
Australia 
 
 
 
Richard Taylor 
Non-Executive Director 
 
 
 
aureka.com.au     |     ASX:AKA 
Angela Lorrigan  
Non-Executive Director -  
Technical Director 
The Company conﬁrms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially aﬀects the information included within this announcement and that all 
material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimate in this release continue to apply and have not materially changed. 
 
2 ASX: Amendment to ASX Announcement 14-Mar-25 
3 ASX: Amendment to ASX Announcement 14-Mar-25 
4 ASX: Maiden Mineral Resource for Stawell Corridor Project 30-Mar-21. 
5 ASX: High-grade gold results continue at resolution lode 25-Sep-20. 
6 ASX releases: 26 July 2021, CYL/NML ASX release 17 May 2022, NML ASX release 28 August 2024. 
8 ASX: 30 July 2018, 26 March 2021 & 16 August 2021. 
 
ASX : AKA 
B R I N G I N G  V I C T O R I A ' S  G O L D  T O  L I F E  
4 
24 MARCH 2025 
 
Competent Person Statement
The information in this announcement, Mineral Resources and Ore 
Reserves statements and the Exploration Target potential statement 
are based on and fairly represents, information and supporting 
documentation prepared by the Competent Persons. The Mineral 
Resources, Exploration Targets and Ore Reserves statement has been 
approved by Mr Peter de Vries, who is both a Member of the Australian 
Institute of Geoscientists (MAIG) (#6129) and a Member of the 
Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (MAIMM) (#103264). Mr 
de Vries is the Principal consultant of Geological, Educational and 
Mining Services (G.E.M.S.) Pty Ltd, a consultant to Aureka Limited. Mr de 
Vries has suﬃcient experience that is relevant to the style of 
mineralisation and type of deposits under consideration and to the 
activity currently being undertaken to qualify as a Competent Person as 
deﬁned in the 2012 Edition of the “Australasian Code for Reporting of 
Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves.” Mr de Vries 
consents to the publishing of the information in this presentation in the 
form and context in which it appears. The Company conﬁrms that it is 
not aware of any new information or data that materially aﬀects the 
information included in the relevant announcement and that all 
material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the 
estimates in the relevant announcement and that all material 
assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the estimates in 
the relevant ASX announcement continue to apply and have not 
materially changed. 
Exploration Target 
On 30 March, 2021, AKA (then trading as Navarre Minerals Limited 
ASX:NML) announced the maiden gold Exploration Target at its ﬂagship 
100%-owned Resolution and Adventure projects in Victoria, Australia. 
Notably, the Exploration Target was constrained to the current drill 
footprint at Resolution and Adventure, as at the time these areas only 
contained suﬃcient drilling to determine continuity and infer grade 
ranges. Signiﬁcant potential exists to increase the size of the exploration 
target with additional drill results beyond the Exploration Target area.  
 
The potential quantity and grade of the Exploration Target is conceptual 
in nature and therefore is an approximation. There has been 
insuﬃcient exploration to estimate a Mineral Resource, and it is 
uncertain if further exploration will result in the estimation of a Mineral 
Resource. The Exploration Target has been prepared and reported in 
accordance with the 2012 edition of the JORC Code.  
Summary of Relevant Exploration Data, 
Methodology, and Assumptions 
Previously engaged consultants had, in conjunction with the Navarre 
Minerals personnel generated an estimate of the Exploration Target for 
the Resolution and Adventure prospects. These Exploration Targets 
represent the strike and depth/plunge extensions to the Mineral 
Resources deﬁned for both deposits. The results of this estimation are 
presented in Table 1 for the combined Exploration Targets. 
The Resolution and Adventure prospects are intersected by a 
predominantly west dipping shear zone which broadly mimics the strike 
of the Irvine basalt dome. Gold occurs on or adjacent to the shear zone, 
typically on meta-basalt/meta-sediment contacts where the rheological 
contrast provides an ideal locale for shearing and mineralisation. The 
attitude of the contacts also inﬂuences the shear geometry resulting in 
localised, high-grade gold shoots. 
The Exploration Target was based on the interpretation of the following 
geology and mineralisation data that had been collated as part of the 
2021 MRE statement: 
 
42 structurally oriented diamond drillholes and169 aircore, drill 
holes for a total of 23,465 m at the Resolution prospect that have 
been drilled by Navarre Minerals (NML),  
 
10 structurally oriented diamond drillholes and 195 aircore, drill 
holes for a total of 17,952 m at the Resolution prospect that have 
been drilled by Navarre Minerals (NML), 
 
943 density measurements on mineralised diamond drill core, and 
the determined SG’s were applied to the appropriate lithological 
units involved with the Exploration Target, 
 
surface geological mapping, costean data and diamond core 
geological logging, 
 
detailed LiDAR imagery, 
 
geophysical datasets including detailed ground magnetic and 3D 
induced polarisation, and  
 
wireframing and modelling of the Resolution and Adventure 
mineralised 
bodies. 
 
For the Resolution prospect, the Exploration Target has been estimated 
based on the strike continuity and down plunge continuity of the 
mineralisation deﬁned by drilling and modelled as part of the Mineral 
Resources. The extent of this strike and plunge continuity is considered 
to be consistent with that evident in the Magdala deposit analogue to 
the north of Resolution, as the mineralisation controls and style are 
consistent between the two deposits. 
To determine the tonnage and grade ranges for the Resolution prospect 
Exploration Target, the existing Mineral Resources as deﬁned at 
Resolution was used as the base case in combination with the geological 
understanding of the mineralisation model for Resolution. The northern 
strike extents component of the Exploration Target has been based on 
the initial wide spaced shallow AC drilling that extends approximately 
900 metres to the north of the deﬁned Resolution mineralisation. The 
Consultants determined that the potential for a repeat of the 
mineralisation deﬁned in the upper parts of Resolution along strike is 
adequate for estimating an Exploration Target that is within +/-20% of 
the Resolution open pit Mineral Resource. In addition, the strong 
southerly plunge controls evident with the deeper parts of the 
Resolution Mineral Resource have been used to guide the estimation of 
an Exploration Target down this plunge direction at depth. This part of 
the Exploration Target has used the UG Mineral Resource deﬁned at an 
MSO cut-oﬀ grade of 1.4 g/t Au as a base with a +/-20% range applied 
for the tonnage, grade and ounces. 
For the Adventure prospect, the Exploration Target has been estimated 
based on the wide spaced exploration drilling that has been completed 
to date. The mineralisation as deﬁned by these drill results does not 
currently have adequate conﬁdence to be classiﬁed as a Mineral 
Resource. However, Mining Plus considers that the estimation of an 
Exploration Target is possible for the mineralised extents that have 
been modelled. The ranges for tonnage, grade and ounces have been 
estimated using the Adventure block model results reported at a 1 g/t 
Au cut-oﬀ (Figure 10) for those estimated blocks remaining unclassiﬁed 
(that do not satisfy the criteria of an Inferred Mineral Resource). A -20% 
and +30% range has then been applied to determine the ranges 
required for reporting an Exploration Target*. It is important to note 
that as these estimated blocks do not meet the requirements of a 
Mineral Resource, there is increased likelihood of grade extrapolation, 
rather than interpolation, hence the application of suitable tonnage, 
grade and ounce ranges for the Adventure Prospect Exploration Target. 
The upper grade, tonnage and ounces range of +30% has been based 
on the presence of two of the higher grade and thicker intercepts 
returned to date for Adventure being located at the base of the 
Exploration Target. 
 
