8 July 2024 
 Update on Acquisition of the Speewah Project 
The Board of Tivan Limited (ASX: TVN) (“Tivan” or the “Company”) is pleased to provide an update on the Company’s 
acquisition of the Speewah Project. 
 
Payment to King River Resources 
 
Tivan acquired the Speewah Project from King River Resources (KRR) in Q1 2023 (see ASX announcement of 20 
February 2023). The acquisition included all mining, exploration and miscellaneous titles that comprise the Speewah 
Fluorite Project and the Speewah Vanadium Titanomagnetite Project. 
 
In consideration, Tivan agreed to pay KRR the amount of $20 million, comprised of $10 million in cash and $10m 
equivalent of shares in Tivan (being 100,000,000 shares which were issued on 11 April 2023)1. As at 30 June 2024, 
Tivan had made payments of $6 million to KRR in respect of the cash consideration. 
 
In February 2024, Tivan and KRR restructured the cash consideration so that 50% of funds raised above a threshold 
of $5 million would be payable to KRR (see ASX announcement of 12 February 2024). As a result of funds raised in 
Q1 and Q2, Tivan has achieved this threshold.  
 
As such, Tivan has today made a payment of $1.6 million to KRR. This payment reduces the amount owing to KRR to 
$2.4 million, due before 17 February 2025. 
 
Comment from Tivan Executive Chairman 
 
Mr Grant Wilson commented: 
 
“The acquisition of Speewah was a transformative event for Tivan and shapes as one of the most significant M&A 
transactions in the history of the critical minerals sector in Australia. The Company has made great progress in paying 
down the cash consideration and we are firmly on track to own Speewah free of any and all encumbrances”. 
 
This announcement has been approved by the Board of the Company. 
 
Inquiries: 
Tony Bevan 
Company Secretary: + 61 8 9327 0900 
Email: corporate@tivan.com.au 
 
Ends 
 
1 See further details at ASX announcement dated 12 February 2024. 
 
Forward looking statements 
 
This announcement contains certain “forward-looking statements” and comments about future matters. Forward-looking statements 
can generally be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as, “expect”, “anticipate”, “likely”, “intend”, “should”, “estimate”, 
“target”, “outlook”, and other similar expressions and include, but are not limited to, the timing, outcome and effects of the future 
studies, project development and other work. Indications of, and guidance or outlook on, future earnings or financial position or 
performance are also forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. 
Any such statements, opinions and estimates in this announcement speak only as of the date hereof, are preliminary views and are 
based on assumptions and contingencies subject to change without notice. Forward-looking statements are provided as a general 
guide only. There can be no assurance that actual outcomes will not differ materially from these forward-looking statements. Any 
such forward looking statement also inherently involves known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors and may involve 
significant elements of subjective judgement and assumptions that may cause actual results, performance and achievements to 
differ. Except as required by law the Company undertakes no obligation to finalise, check, supplement, revise or update forward-
looking statements in the future, regardless of whether new information, future events or results or other factors affect the information 
contained in this announcement. 
 
