ASX Release
25th September 2024
DART MOVES ON GOLD-ANTIMONY PROSPECTIVITY
ADJOINING ITS TRIUMPH GOLD PROJECT IN
QUEENSLAND
Dart Mining NL (ASX:DTM) (Dart Mining or the Company) are pleased to announce that it has
applied for a new Exploration Permit Minerals (EPM 29097) adjoining its newly acquired Triumph
Gold Project, located in Central Queensland, (subject to completion, Figure 1). Dart is excited by the
gold and antimony prospectivity of the ground applied for given the geology and proximity to
historic mines.
EPM APPLICATION HIGHLIGHTS
• EPM 29097 adjoins Dart’s Triumph Gold Project on the south and east and covers 320 km2
(Figure 2) of the New England Orogen.
• The New England Orogen is prospective for intrusion related gold systems, porphyry copper-
gold-molybdenum and gold-antimony vein hosted mineralisation.
• The Ubobo Creek Antimony Mine is within the southern part of the Triumph Gold Project
(source: Calliope Mineral Occurrence Map, 2002, QLD Dept. Natural Resources and Mines).
The adjoining EPM 29097 Application has similar geology and is also considered prospective
for vein hosted gold-antimony.
• The New England Orogen hosts the Hillgrove gold-antimony mine (Lavrotto Resources) and
other historic gold-antimony mines near Gympie. Hillgrove has a resource of over 1Moz of
gold and is in the top ten of global antimony resources.
Dart Mining Chairman, James Chirnside, commented: “We have moved quickly to peg additional
prospective ground adjacent to our advanced Triumph Gold Project. We are excited by the intrusion
related gold and vein hosted gold-antimony prospectivity of the ground and the almost total lack of
modern exploration.
Dart Mining believes Queensland’s favourable prospectivity for million ounce plus gold deposits will
provide an important strategic complement to our current Victorian orogenic gold and porphyry
projects.”
Dart Mining NL Contact: James Chirnside Webpage: www.dartmining.com.au
ABN: 84 119 904 880 Email: jchirnside@dartmining.com.au LinkedIn: Dart Mining NL
Level 6, 412 Collins Street Mobile: +61 447 447 613 Twitter: @DartMining
Melbourne VIC 3000 1 | P age

Figure 1: Location of the Triumph Gold Project (ASX SHN: Sunshine Gold Limited Prospectus (25 September 2020))
Figure 2: Location of EPM 29097 Application on geology base map
2 | P age

HISTORIC INFORMATION AND GEOLOGY (SEE FIGURE 3 FOR LOCATIONS)
EPM 29097 has geology largely comprised of Devonian-Carboniferous metasediments of the New
England Orogen and Permo-Triassic granitoids including the Miriam Vale Granodiorite and
Castletower Granite. Sediments within the New England Orogen are prospective for significant
quartz vein hosted gold-antimony mineralisation (eg. Hillgrove Mine) and the identification of the
historic Ubobo Creek antimony mine in Dart’s EPM 18486 immediately north of application EPM
29097 is encouraging.
Vein hosted quartz sulphide gold mineralisation is present within the Miriam Vale Granodiorite and
Castletower Granite in locations outside of application EPM 29097. Modern exploration within
EPM29097 has been very limited giving Dart encouragement to apply contemporary exploration
techniques in its search for intrusion related gold systems and gold-antimony veins.
Much of the eastern portion of the EPM Application has recent cover sequences that have obscured
basement prospectivity and limited exploration efforts to date.
Norton Goldfield – Dart’s Triumph Gold Project is located in the Yarrol belt of the Wandilla Province
(New England Orogen), where late Permian to Middle Triassic leucocratic intrusives are scattered
throughout Devonian and Carboniferous sediments. Known gold mineralisation at Triumph is
located within sulphide rich quartz veins in one of these intrusive bodies, the Norton Tonalite. EPM
29097 contains the southeasterly extension to the regional Norton Fault (Figure 2).
Mount Jacob (Bompa) Goldfield – The Goldfield (outside and south of EPM 29097) was declared in
1890 although its discoverer, Jacob Spier, had been profitably working there over a decade. Pyritic
quartz yielded up to 6oz gold per ton (Brisbane Courier 13 Feb 1890). Various historic exploration
reports describe the mineralisation as being in quartz-pyrite veins in the Castletower Granite. The
Castletower Granite does occur within EPM 29097.
Miriam Vale Granodiorite - Historic quartz vein hosted mines are located within the Miriam Vale
Granodiorite and in sediments and volcanics adjacent to the granodiorite either to the north or
some distance south of EPM 29097. Large areas of the Miriam Vale Granodiorite and its adjacent
metamorphic aureole occur within EPM29097 west of the town of Miriam Vale and have had little
modern exploration.
The Jackass mine is 25km north of Miriam Vale (outside EPM 29097) with gold occurring in a quartz-
calcite-pyrite lode in the Miriam Vale Granodiorite. Further south the quartz reefs are steeply
dipping and generally strike in a south-easterly to east-south-easterly direction. They occur in a
quartz diorite, which probably represents the younger Triassic phase of the composite Permo-
Triassic Miriam Vale Granodiorite.
3 | P age

NEXT STEPS
Dart Mining will continue to progress its Victorian projects. At the Triumph Gold Project, Dart
Mining intends to:
• Finalise the acquisition and transfer of tenements from Sunshine Metals.
• Update the Mineral Resource Estimate soon after completion of the transaction.
• Design and commence a drilling programme to expand the existing resource along strike
and at depth, drilling is expected to commence in November 2024.
• Review and identify additional prospective target zones for Exploration at Triumph in
addition to existing resources areas.
• Develop and commence a first stage exploration programme for EPM 29097 after the
tenement has been granted. Initial targets include gold-antimony veins in proximity to
the historic Ubobo Creek antimony mine and intrusion related gold deposits in the
Castletower Granite and Miriam Vale Granodiorite, both of which host historic gold
workings outside of EPM 29097.
• Continue to review and identify further advanced projects in the region for potential
investment.
TRIUMPH GOLD PROJECT HIGHLIGHTS
• Existing JORC 2012 compliant Inferred resource of approx. 118,000oz Au (ASX SHN: Robust
Maiden Resource at Triumph Gold Project (31 March 2022))
• The Triumph Project is an intrusive related gold system, within a region of Queensland
hosting similar multiple multi-million-ounce gold resources
• Accumulated expenditure of over A$8M in geochemical, geophysical and drilling programs
allow Dart Mining to focus on resource drilling and rapidly grow the project
• Greater than 85% of resource within 100m of surface
• Potential to define a significantly larger intrusion related gold system with all resources open
along strike and at depth.
• The acquisition of the Triumph project provides an entry point into the under-explored
Central Queensland region and complements the Company’s Victorian assets.
4 | P age

Approved for release by the Board of Directors.
For more information contact:
James Chirnside Aimee Coates
Managing Director Investor Relations
Dart Mining NL Dart Mining NL
jchirnside@dartmining.com.au acoates@dartmining.com.au
+61 447 447 613
About Dart Mining
In August 2024 Dart Mining (ASX:DTM) entered into a binding agreement to purchase the Triumph
Gold Project, this is Dart’s first step into an advanced intrusion related gold system project in
Queensland. Dart will look to develop a regional presence in Queensland through advanced stage
intrusion related and epithermal gold projects. Dart Mining will continue to evaluate several historic
goldfields in Central and Northeast Victoria including the Rushworth Goldfield and the new porphyry
and lithium province in Northeast Victoria identified by Dart. The area is prospective for precious,
base, and strategic metals including Lithium, Gold, Antimony, Silver, Copper, Molybdenum, Zinc and
Tin. Dart Mining has built a strategically placed gold exploration footprint in the Central and
Northeast regions of Victoria, where historic surface and alluvial gold mining indicates the existence
of potentially significant gold endowment.
Competent Person’s Statement
The information in this report has been prepared, compiled, and verified by Mr. Owen Greenberger (B.Sc.
Geology), a Competent Person who is a Member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr.
Greenberger is Head of Exploration for Dart Mining. Mr. Greenberger has sufficient experience that is
relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposits under consideration and to the activity being
undertaken to qualify as a competent person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the “Australasian Code for
Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves”. Mr. Greenberger consents to the
inclusion in the report of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.
Forward-Looking Statement
Certain statements contained in this document constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, Dart Mining’s current expectations, estimates and projections
about the industry in which Dart Mining operates, and beliefs and assumptions regarding Dart Mining’s
future performance. Such forward-looking statements are based on a number of estimates and
assumptions made by the Company and its consultants in light of experience, current conditions and
expectations of future developments which the Company believes are appropriate in the current
circumstances. When used in this document, words such as; “anticipate”, “could”, “intends”, “estimate”,
“potential”, “plan”, “seeks”, “may”, “should”, and similar expressions are forward-looking statements.
Although Dart Mining believes that its expectations presented in these forward-looking statements are
reasonable, such statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors,
which may cause the actual results, achievements and performance of the Company to be materially
different from the future results and achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking
statements. Investors are cautioned that forward-looking information is no guarantee of future
performance and accordingly, investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-
looking statements.
5 | P age

