 
 
 
Page 1 of 2 
ASX: KNB  Suite 6, 72-78 Carrington Street, Adelaide SA 5000 | T: +61 8 6245 9869 
E: info@koonenberrygold.com.au | www.koonenberrygold.com.au
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
29 November 2024 
 
Koonenberry completes acquisition of  
Enmore Gold and Lachlan Projects in NSW 
 
HIGHLIGHTS 
 
Koonenberry Gold has completed the acquisition of: 
o Enmore Gold Project comprising one granted EL in the New England Fold Belt, New South 
Wales; and 
o Lachlan Copper-Gold Projects comprising two farm-in and joint venture agreements 
(Junee and Fairholme) managed by Newmont Exploration Pty Ltd, a subsidiary of 
Newmont Corporation, located in NSW’s Lachlan Fold Belt  
 
These acquisitions transform Koonenberry into a NSW-focused explorer with a 4,192km2 
portfolio in frontier, emerging and world-class geological terranes. 
 
Koonenberry is well funded to aggressively explore across its projects in 2025, following a 
$4.5M share placement (before costs), and expects consistent news flow over the coming 
months. 
Koonenberry Gold Limited (“KNB” or “the Company”) is pleased to announce it has completed the 
acquisition of the Enmore Gold Project from Global Uranium and Enrichment Ltd (ASX: GUE) and the 
Lachlan Copper-Gold Projects from Gilmore Metals Pty Ltd in New South Wales, following the issue of 
consideration shares to the project vendors, which are subject to escrow for 12 months, following 
receipt of shareholder approval at the Company’s Annual General Meeting today. 
 
Koonenberry Gold announced the acquisitions last month (see KNB ASX Announcement dated 17 
October 2024), transforming the company into a New South Wales-focused explorer with an extensive 
4,192km2 project portfolio in frontier, emerging and world-class mineral terranes including the New 
England Fold Belt, the Lachlan Fold Belt and the Koonenberry Belt. 
 
Managing Director Dan Power said: “We thank our Shareholders for their overwhelming support in 
this transaction, allowing Koonenberry Gold to add these high quality and highly prospective assets to 
our portfolio. We are excited to get started with an aggressive exploration campaign to unlock the 
potential of these projects in 2025, in addition to our existing Koonenberry project, and expect to have 
a consistent news flow from our activities over the coming months. 
 
“We are well funded to do this, thanks to our recently completed $4.5 million share placement, 
supported by new and existing shareholders including Lion Selection Group and Lowell Resources Fund, 
and we will soon begin rolling out our exploration plans.” 
 
With completion of the Gilmore Metals transaction, Gilmore Metals geologist and co-founder Darren 
Glover will join KNB’s Board as a Director, bringing more than 25 years’ experience in minerals 
exploration, mining, resource definition and business development across Australia and South 
America.   
 
Following shareholder approval at the Annual General Meeting today for the issue of shares to 
placement investors to raise $4.5 million before costs, these shares are expected to be allotted to 
participants on or about 5 December 2024.  
 
This ASX release was authorised by the Board of the Company. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Page 2 of 2 
ASX: KNB Suite 6, 72-78 Carrington Street, Adelaide SA 5000 | T: +61 8 6245 9869 
E: info@koonenberrygold.com.au | www.koonenberrygold.com.au
For more information please contact: 
Dan Power 
Managing Director 
+61 8 6245 9869 
info@koonenberrygold.com.au 
Johnathon Busing 
Company Secretary 
+61 8 6165 8858 
jb@11corporate.com.au 
 
For further information regarding the Company and its Projects please visit www.koonenberrygold.com.au 
 
-ENDS- 
 
ABOUT KOONENBERRY GOLD 
Koonenberry Gold Ltd is a minerals explorer aiming to create value for shareholders through 
exploration for Gold and Copper in Frontier, Emerging and World Class geological terranes.  With the 
acquisition of the Enmore Gold Project & Lachlan Project the Company sees itself at the discovery 
inflection point of the value creation curve and strategically positions itself with one of the most 
significant exploration portfolios in NSW covering 4,192km2. 
 
 
                                               Location of Koonenberry Gold Projects in NSW. 
Junee JV and Fairholme JV Projects are being explored by Newmont Exploration (Manager) through 
Farm-in and Joint Venture agreements. 
 
