17 October 2024
Sale of Enmore Gold Project
HIGHLIGHTS
• Global Uranium has entered into a binding agreement with Koonenberry Gold (ASX:KNB)
for the sale of the Enmore Gold Project located in NSW, Australia.
• Koonenberry Gold has agreed to acquire 100% of the interest in the Enmore Project.
• Consideration payable is 35 million fully paid ordinary shares in KNB.
• Global Uranium continues to solely focus on the development of its highly prospective and
advanced North American uranium project portfolio, which comprises of the 52.2 Mlbs
Tallahassee Uranium Project and the high-grade Maybell Uranium Project.
Global Uranium and Enrichment Limited (ASX:GUE, OTCQB: GUELF) (the Company) is pleased to announce
the sale of the Enmore Gold Project (Enmore) located in the New England Fold Belt in NSW, Australia. The
Company has entered into a binding sale and purchase agreement with Koonenberry Gold Ltd (Koonenberry)
(ASX:KNB) for the acquisition of Enmore, which is a non-core focus of Global Uranium.
The proposed sale of Enmore not only aligns with the Company’s commitment to delivering on its growth
strategy in developing its North American uranium portfolio but is a strategic move that provides Global
Uranium with exposure to a broader portfolio of gold assets. By retaining an equity position in Koonenberry,
the Company is positioning itself to benefit from the continued development of both the Enmore Gold Project
and Koonenberry’s highly prospective portfolio of assets.
The consideration payable to the Company will be 35 million fully paid ordinary shares in Koonenberry. The
proposed transaction will be subject to Koonenberry’s shareholder approval at a General Meeting, which will
be held in November 2024.
Global Uranium and Enrichment’s Managing Director, Mr. Andrew Ferrier said: "We are pleased to have
entered into an agreement with Koonenberry for our Enmore Gold Project. This deal not only creates value for
both parties, but also enables Global Uranium to maintain a strategic focus on advancing our core uranium
assets in North America, which have experienced significant and rapid progress over the past year.
“We remain committed to driving the development of our uranium portfolio, executing on our busy 12-month
work program and delivering long-term value to our shareholders by growing into a key supplier in uranium
and nuclear energy supply chains.”

This announcement has been authorised for release by the board of Global Uranium and Enrichment Limited.
Further information:
Andrew Ferrier Paul Ryan
Managing Director Media and Investor Relations
E: info@globaluranium.com.au E: paul.ryan@sodali.com
P: +61 8 6117 9338 P: +61 409 296 511

An Emerging Uranium Powerhouse
Global Uranium and Enrichment Limited in an Australian public listed company providing unique exposure to not only uranium
exploration and development but the uranium enrichment space. Amid a nuclear energy renaissance, Global Uranium is
developing a portfolio of advanced, high grade uranium assets in prolific uranium districts in the U.S. and Canada, and has
established a cornerstone position in Ubaryon, an Australian uranium enrichment technology.
Asset Portfolio:
• Tallahassee Uranium Project (Colorado, USA): JORC 2012 Mineral Resource estimate of 52.2 Mlbs U O at a grade of
3 8
530ppm U O 1 with significant exploration upside. Located in Colorado’s Tallahassee Creek Uranium District, host to more
3 8
than 100 Mlbs U O.
3 8
• Athabasca Basin Projects (Saskatchewan, Canada): Portfolio of six high-grade exploration assets in the Athabasca Basin,
home to the world’s largest and highest-grade uranium mines. Portfolio includes the Newnham Lake Project with grades of
up to 1,953ppm U O in historic drilling and the Middle Lake Project with boulder-trains with grades of up to 16.9% U O.2
3 8 3 8
• Ubaryon Investment (Australia): Cornerstone position in Ubaryon, an Australian uranium enrichment technology.
• Maybell Uranium Project (Colorado, USA): High grade Exploration Target established at the project.3 Historical production
of 5.3 million pounds of U O (average grade 1,300ppm).
3 8
• Rattler Uranium Project (Utah, USA): Located within La Sal Uranium District, Utah, 85km north of White Mesa
Uranium/Vanadium mill, the only operating conventional uranium mill in the USA.
1 Competent Persons Statement - Information on the Mineral Resources presented, together with JORC Table 1 information, is contained in the ASX announcement dated 5
September 2024 and titled “Tallahassee Uranium Project JORC Resource increased to 52.2 Mlbs U3O8”. Measured 2.96Mlbs of 550 ppm U3O8, Indicated 21.01Mlbs of 610
ppm U3O8, Inferred 28.2Mlbs of 480 ppm U3O8 calculated applying a cut-off grade of 250ppm U3O8. Numbers may not sum due to rounding. Grade rounded to nearest
10ppm. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information in the relevant market announcements, and that
the form and context in which the Competent Persons findings are presented have not been materially modified from the original announcements. Where the Company
refers to Mineral Resources in this announcement (referencing previous releases made to the ASX), it confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that
materially affects the information included in that announcement and all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning the Mineral Resource estimate with
that announcement continue to apply and have not materially changed. The Company confirms that the form and context in which the Competent Persons findings are
presented have not materially changed from the original announcement.
2 Refer to the Company’s ASX announcement dated 9 November 2021 for the JORC details of the Athabasca Projects and other historical information. The Company confirms
that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the original market announcement of 9 November 2021.
3 Refer to the Company’s ASX announcement dated 14 December 2023 for the Exploration Target and JORC details. The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new
information or data that materially affects the information included in the original market announcement of 14 December 2023. Historical production data has been sourced
of an article in Rocky Mountain Association of Geologists (1986) titled “Geology and Production History of the Uranium Deposits in the Maybell, Colorado Area” from W. L.
Chenoweth.

