 
 
 
CZR Resources Ltd 
ABN: 91 112 866 869 
Level 3, 47 Havelock St 
West Perth  Western Australia 6005 
PO Box 16 
Perth  WA  6872 
Phone:  +61 8 9468 2050 
Website:  www.czrresources.com 
 
CZR Resources Ltd 
Page 1 
 
The Company Announcements Office, ASX Limited  
21 March 2025 
Non-Binding, Indicative and Conditional Offer 
Received from the Robe River Joint Venture 
 
CZR Resources Ltd (ASX: CZR) (CZR) advises that on 20 March 2025 it received an unsolicited, confidential, 
non-binding and conditional proposal from the participants in the Robe River Iron Associates Joint Venture 
(between various subsidiaries of Rio Tinto Limited (53%), Mitsui & Co Ltd (33%) and Nippon Steel Corporation 
(14%) (Robe River JV)).  
The proposal from the Robe River JV (Robe River JV Proposal) is an asset acquisition to acquire from CZR 
its interest in the tenements M08/519, M08/533, E08/1060, E08/1686 and E08/2137 which comprise of CZR's 
Robe Mesa Iron Ore project (Robe Mesa Project) for cash consideration of A$75 million. CZR would retain its 
interests in other projects such as the Croydon Gold Project, Buddadoo Project and its 50% interest in the 
Ashburton Link Project, among others.  
The Robe River JV Proposal is subject to the following conditions: 
1. (Due Diligence Access) CZR providing access to due diligence materials to complete confirmatory 
due diligence; 
2. (Satisfactory Due Diligence) Satisfactory completion of confirmatory due diligence; 
3. (Asset Sale Agreement) Negotiation and execution of an asset sale and purchase agreement with 
CZR (via its wholly owned subsidiary Zanthus Resources Pty Ltd) and associated transaction 
documentation, including terms and conditions relating to exclusivity, the CZR Board recommending 
the Robe River JV Proposal to CZR shareholders and obligations relating to the operation of the Robe 
Mesa Project prior to completion; 
4. (Zanf Pty Ltd Asset Sale Agreement) Negotiation and execution of an asset sale and purchase 
agreement with Zanf Pty Ltd for the acquisition of its interest in the Robe Mesa Project and associated 
transaction documents. This agreement would be entered into prior to or concurrent with the execution 
of any transaction documents with CZR; 
5. (Third Party and Regulatory Approvals) Receipt of required consents for the transaction from all 
material third parties and regulatory authorities (including foreign investment review board approval, 
ministerial consent to transfer the relevant Robe Mesa Project tenements and any required merger 
control approvals) and release of any security arrangements over the tenements to be transferred; and 
6. (CZR Shareholder Approval) CZR obtaining shareholder approval for the purposes of ASX Listing 
Rule 11.2.  
 
 
 
 
 
CZR Resources Ltd 
Page 2 
 
The Robe River JV Proposal states that the Robe River JV: 
1. wishes to obtain the support of significant CZR shareholders for the transaction; 
2. has sufficient available cash to fund the Robe River JV Proposal; and 
3. is willing to consider providing an equivalent amount of debt funding to that which is available to CZR 
under the working capital loan provided by Fenix plus an amount equal to the break fee under the Bid 
Implementation Agreement  between Fenix Resources Ltd (Fenix) and CZR dated 25 February 2025 
(BIA). 
Robe River JV has stated that the Robe River JV Proposal is incomplete, is not an offer capable of acceptance, 
remains subject to the conditions outlined above and the Robe River JV are not under any obligation to proceed 
with the proposed transaction (and no assurance or representation is made that the transaction documentation 
will be entered into on the proposed terms or otherwise).  
As announced on 25 February 2025 and 20 March 2025, the BIA with Fenix includes standard exclusivity 
arrangements (including no talk, no due diligence restrictions and notification and matching rights) together with 
a break fee regime of $650,000 in favour of Fenix. The no talk, no due diligence and notification exclusivity 
arrangements are subject to customary fiduciary exceptions that enable the directors of CZR to comply with 
their fiduciary and statutory duties. CZR has provided notice to Fenix of the Robe River JV Proposal. 
Based on the information contained in the Robe River JV Proposal, the CZR Board has determined in good 
faith after consultation with its external legal advisors that the Robe River JV Proposal is a Potential Competing 
Proposal (as defined in the BIA) that could reasonably be expected to lead to a Superior Proposal (as defined 
in the BIA) if it were to be proposed. Accordingly, the CZR Board has determined that the fiduciary exception 
applies and CZR intends to engage with Robe River JV in relation to the Robe River JV Proposal.  
CZR notes that the Robe River JV Proposal is a non-binding and conditional proposal which remains subject to 
the conditions described above. CZR will continue to keep the market informed if there are any further material 
developments in relation to the Robe River JV Proposal.  
CZR Board continues to recommend the Fenix Offer 
While CZR engages with the Robe River JV in relation to the Robe River JV Proposal, CZR directors continue 
to unanimously recommend that all CZR shareholders ACCEPT Fenix’s Offer, in the absence of a Superior 
Proposal. CZR directors holding CZR shares have accepted Fenix's Offer.  
This announcement has been approved and authorised for release by the Board of CZR.  
 
Stefan Murphy 
Managing Director 
CZR Resources Ltd 
+61 8 9468 2050 
Media 
Paul Armstrong 
Read Corporate 
+61 8 9388 1474 
 
