ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
25 November 2024
Macro Secures Logistics, Accommodation & Raw
Materials Hub, Port Hedland, WA
Highlights
• Macro has entered into an agreement with WA Limestone Pty Ltd to use mining lease
M45/1210 for equipment laydown, product stockpiling, materials handling, heavy
machinery servicing and accommodation
• Totals 990 hectares and is strategically positioned on the Great Northern Highway, 28 kms
to the east of Port Hedland’s Utah Point Bulk Handling Facility
• Current works approval for on-site crushing and screening enables Macro to provide
crushing, screening and product blending services and existing workshops & wash down
facilities enable heavy machinery and haulage fleet servicing
• 28 serviced ensuite accommodation rooms immediately available with statutory approvals
and power & water infrastructure to immediately expand to 100 rooms
• Macro in discussions with prospective clients to provide off-port product storage and
blending services to enable campaign haulage to UPBHF for ship loading
• Macro also acquires 80% of mining lease M45/1233 and two granted exploration leases
containing sands and aggregates suitable for regional project development and
construction initiatives which can be exploited by a proposed WAL/Macro joint venture
Figure 1: Hardstand, workshop and accommodation facilities on Great Northern Highway
Macro Metals Limited ACN 001 894 033
ASX:M4M Suite 23, 513 Hay Street, Subiaco WA 6008 | PO Box 1311, Subiaco WA 6904
+61 (0) 8 6143 6707 | info@macrometals.com.au | www. macrometals.com.au | Page 1 of 8

Macro Metals Limited (ASX:M4M) (Macro or the Company) is pleased to announce that it has
reached agreement with WA Limestone Pty Ltd (WAL) to gain access to WAL’s strategically
positioned mining lease and associated non-process infrastructure in Port Hedland (Logistics Hub).
In addition, Macro has agreed to acquire an 80% interest in E45/3612, E45/4641 and M45/1233
(Acquired Tenements), which are prospective for hosting river sand and aggregate materials
suitable for construction and civil engineering applications from WAL, and also acquire 80% of the
mineral rights, other than sand, limestone and granite (Construction Materials), on an additional
three tenements, M45/1308, M45/1285 and M45/1249 (Mineral Rights Tenements) from WAL
(Agreement).
Strategic value of Logistics Hub
The Logistics Hub is situated directly on the Great Northern Highway, just 28 kms east of the Utah
Point Bulk Handling Facility in Port Hedland (UPBHF).
It comprises a total area of 990 hectares which is available for stockpiling and has existing
infrastructure including a large hardstand area complete with wash pads, workshops, office and
accommodation facilities.
The Great Northern Highway has RAV10 approval for the use of 150T ultra-quad road trains from the
Logistics Hub through to the UPBHF. This location has safely been used as an off-port iron ore
stockpiling area for many years previously and has demonstrated the material benefits of
facilitating the efficient and uninterrupted haulage of export cargos just in time for ship loading of
mini-cape carriers at the UPBHF.
The hard stand laydown area, wash pad and workshop facilities comprise 46 hectares and have
proven themselves extremely suitable for staging and servicing of heavy mining equipment
machinery and road trains that provide product haulage operations from projects located further
out from Port Hedland.
The existing accommodation facilities accommodate 28 persons on-site. The existing water and
power infrastructure and current approvals allows immediate expansion to 100 rooms and there is
considerable additional land available for future expansion above 100 rooms, subject to local
government approval.
Existing statutory approvals at the Logistics Hub enable the Company’s wholly owned subsidiary,
Macro Mining Services Pty Ltd (MMS), to provide stockpiling, crushing, screening and blending
services for both Macro owned commodities and those of third-party mining companies.
The ability for MMS to stockpile complete 110,000 tonne ship cargos less than 30kms from the
UPBHF along a RAV10 network suitable for 150T ultra quad movements, significantly de-risks the
logistics supply chain for projects that are located further from port. A short distance for just-in-time
campaign style haulage into a port during the wet season is a key advantage compared to haulage
from further afield, which is susceptible to significant interruptions which lead to costly shipping
delays and demurrage.
Macro is already in discussions with several mining companies whose projects are located further
distances from Port Hedland for MMS to provide mine gate to ship’s rail logistics supply chain
solutions, including off-port storage of product to allow for campaign haulage into the UPBHF just
in time for ship loading.
Mr Simon Rushton, Macro’s Managing Director said: “I am extremely grateful to David and
Steve Della Bona for taking the time to consider and be part of my vision of building Macro
Metals Limited into a diversified mining and mining services business.
I enjoy an extremely close working relationship with Dave, Steve and the wider WA Limestone
team; one built upon mutual respect, trust and shared values. We have previously combined
Macro Metals Limited ACN 001 894 033
ASX:M4M Suite 23, 51 Hay Street, Subiaco WA 6008 | PO Box 1311, Subiaco WA 6904
+61 (0) 8 6143 6707 | info@macrometals.com.au | www. macrometals.com.au | Page 2 of 8

to establish and operate a complete pit to customer logistics supply chain for a Mid-west bulk
export project which means we have a proven blueprint to work with in Port Hedland.
The strategic value of their facility’s location, being on an approved RAV10 network for 150T
ultra quad road trains and in such close proximity to Port Hedland and Utah Point, cannot be
understated. Access to this facility provides Macro with a considerable competitive advantage
as we can now offer bulk commodity logistics and materials handling/blending services in a
manner that considerably de-risks the haulage and shipping operations for projects located
further inland.
Utah Point is the only bulk commodity, multi-user port facility in Port Hedland and so the
ability for Macro to provide crushing, screening and blending services just 30 kms from that
facility provides huge flexibility not only for Macro’s own future export projects, such as
Wandanya, but also for third party mine owners. There is also a considerable strategic value
in being able to provide road train fleet servicing and accommodation for drivers operating
on projects that require servicing and accommodation capabilities at both port and mine.
This new logistics services capability increases our ability to provide the complete ‘pit to
customer’ supply chain whereby MMS provides mining and crushing & screening services on
site as well as managing the haulage, ship loading and shipping operations to offer a full ‘one
stop shop’. It is a business model that I am intimately familiar with and has proven itself to be
a key ingredient in acquiring project level equity in third party resources that are ready to bring
into production.
Figure 2: Map of Tenure, Current Infrastructure and Offsite Infrastructure
The acquisition of an 80% interest in M45/1233 and the two granted exploration leases that
contain sand and aggregates is a key ingredient for MMS to be able to provide services at
mining projects during the development phase. Our technical team will quickly evaluate the
Macro Metals Limited ACN 001 894 033
ASX:M4M Suite 23, 51 Hay Street, Subiaco WA 6008 | PO Box 1311, Subiaco WA 6904
+61 (0) 8 6143 6707 | info@macrometals.com.au | www. macrometals.com.au | Page 3 of 8

scale of these potential sources of construction materials ahead of looking to exploit such
materials from this tenure through a joint venture with the WA Limestone team.
WA Limestone is a professional, long standing, family run business that has proudly supplied
the WA civil and mining industries with raw materials for half a century. Their experience in
building major infrastructure, including roads, marinas and break sea walls, will be a massive
benefit for Macro’s initiative to deliver transhipping facilities in the Pilbara.”
Mr David Della Bona, WA Limestone Managing Director said: “The entire WA Limestone team
looks forward to working with Simon and the team he is building at Macro. We understand
Simon’s vision for the Pilbara and believe that we share mutual aspirations for strategic and
sustainable growth in the Pilbara.
Our organisational cultures are very much aligned in terms of respect, integrity and looking
after our people. We also share the contractor mentality of wanting to provide safe and
efficient services to our clients.
I am confident that our two companies will leverage our complimentary skills and capabilities
successfully in the years ahead.
WA Limestone Pty Ltd
WAL has been supplying Western Australia with quarry and raw materials for over 50 years. It is
one of the largest suppliers of road construction materials in Western Australia with quarries
strategically located across the State.
WAL supplies over 30 different types of raw materials to contractors, the State government, Local
governments and businesses across WA and produces approximately 6-7 million tonnes of quarry
products across its group of companies. It is an established supplier of raw materials to mining
projects, most recently having supplied rock for the Mineral Resources Limited (ASX: MIN) haul road
at the Onslow Iron Ore Project.
In addition to the supply of raw materials, WAL has considerable experience in delivering large scale
civil infrastructure projects as a contractor such as the Tonkin Bypass and Ocean Reef Marina.
It has considerable experience in marine applications including the construction of breakwaters
and boat channels.
Key terms of Agreement with WAL
The key terms of the Agreement with WAL are:
• Macro will acquire an 80% legal interest in E45/3612, E45/4641 and M45/1233 (Acquired
Tenements) and 80% of all mineral rights in respect of the Acquired Tenements.
• Macro will also acquire 80% of the mineral rights other than sand, limestone and granite
(Construction Materials) on an additional three tenements, M45/1308, M45/1285 and
M45/1249 (Mineral Rights Tenements).
• WAL retains 100% of the rights to explore, develop, extract and sell mine construction
materials on the Mineral Rights Tenements.
• Macro will procure that all expenditure conditions for the Acquired Tenements are satisfied
prior to the end of the relevant expenditure year. This expenditure is estimated to be
approximately $248,700 per annum.
• WAL will procure that all expenditure conditions on the Mineral Rights Tenements are
satisfied prior to the end of the relevant expenditure year.
Macro Metals Limited ACN 001 894 033
ASX:M4M Suite 23, 51 Hay Street, Subiaco WA 6008 | PO Box 1311, Subiaco WA 6904
+61 (0) 8 6143 6707 | info@macrometals.com.au | www. macrometals.com.au | Page 4 of 8

• Macro will free carry WAL at 20% on development activities in respect of non-Construction
Materials until the delineation of a JORC-compliant mineral resource estimate for a non-
Construction Material.
• Upon expiry of the free carry period:
o WAL may elect to retain its 20% interest in non-Construction Materials and form an
unincorporated joint venture with Macro on a 20% WAL: 80% Macro basis; or
o convert its project equity interest into 1.5% of the net value realised from the sale of
commodities produced from non-Construction Materials.
• If Macro determines to abandon, forfeit or surrender part or all of its legal interest in an
Acquired Tenement or its mineral rights in a Mineral Rights Tenement, then WAL will have
the right to re-acquire such interests from Macro for nominal consideration.
• The agreement otherwise contains terms and conditions considered standard for
agreements of this nature.
Completion under the Agreement is expected to occur on or before 15 December 2024.
Macro Mining Services Pty Ltd (MMS)
MMS has the capability of being able to explore, develop and operate mining projects from pit to
export customer both internally for Macro as well as for external parties.
MMS has established a highly experienced operational team of mining specialists led by Managing
Director Mr Simon Rushton.
The inhouse capability is complemented by the skills, experience and resources of MMS’ strategic
partners and combine to make MMS the logical choice for third party resource owners who want a
turn key, off balance sheet solution for their entire pit to customer supply chain.
People
Simon Rushton
Simon has been in the mining industry for almost two decades; 12 of those years was as executive
general manager of Mineral Resources Limited where he was intimately involved in pricing,
negotiating and overseeing the implementation of over A$4 billion in mining services contracts.
Simon was also heavily involved in the construction and operation of significant build own operate
projects, including the 50Mtpa wet crushing and screening plants at Fortescue Metals Limited’s
Christmas Creek Iron Ore Project, the 50Mtpa wet crushing and screening plants at Rio Tinto
Limited’s Nammuldi Iron Ore Project as well as a myriad of smaller pit to customer operations such
as the Iron Valley Iron Ore Project and the Mt Marion Lithium Project.
Since leaving Mineral Resources Limited in 2019, Simon founded Australasian Sands International
(ASI) in February 2020 and, from a greenfields stage in conjunction with shareholder WA Limestone,
designed, built and operated the complete pit to Singapore supply chain which included
establishing the mine and undertaking the mining, processing (including beneficiation), road
haulage, stevedoring and shipping. ASI was the first company in Western Australia to successfully
and sustainably export construction materials offshore.
In mid-2021, Simon co-founded Destec Contracting with Mr Steve Wyatt (former MinRes co-
founder) and together tendered for, and won, a 10Mtpa crushing and screening contract at Rio Tinto
Iron Ore’s new flagship Gudai Darri Iron Ore Project. This project was constructed on time and on
budget through COVID19, arguably being the most challenging environment in recent history to
construct a large-scale mining project.
Macro Metals Limited ACN 001 894 033
ASX:M4M Suite 23, 51 Hay Street, Subiaco WA 6008 | PO Box 1311, Subiaco WA 6904
+61 (0) 8 6143 6707 | info@macrometals.com.au | www. macrometals.com.au | Page 5 of 8

Immediately prior to joining Macro, Simon co-founded Hedland Mining in 2023 and that company,
along with Destec Contracting, successfully re-established operations at the Poondano Iron Ore
Project in Port Hedland following a 10-year period of care and maintenance. Hedland Mining
successfully exported its first shipment of iron ore in February 2024, just 3 months after receiving all
approvals required to recommence operations on the site.
The MMS operations team includes Nick Marshall (General Manager Projects) and David Salt
(General Manager Operations).
Nicholas Marshall – General Manager, Projects
Nicholas (Nic) is a highly experienced chartered engineer with 14 years of expertise in project
delivery, engineering and construction across diverse markets, including Australia, Canada, and
China. With specialisations in mine development, bulk earthworks, modular crushing and
screening operations and tailings management; Nic is recognised for his unique combination of
technical proficiency, project management, and stakeholder engagement skills.
Throughout his career, Nic has continually demonstrated his ability to manage large-scale
infrastructure and mining projects, delivering them on time and under budget, while maintaining
an unwavering commitment to health, safety, and environmental standards. With a strong
background in project design, commercial strategy, and construction supervision, Nic excels at the
end-to-end management of complex projects from conceptual planning and engineering design
to procurement, execution, and commissioning. During Nic’s 10+ years tenure at Rio Tinto as a
project manager, Nic successfully managed the delivery of over $500 million in mining projects
essential to Rio Tinto’s expansion plans.
With a focus on operational excellence, Nic is committed to advancing sustainable mining practices
and driving the continued success of major projects and operations within the sector.
David Salt, General Manager Operations
David is an accomplished industry professional with over 30 years of experience in senior leadership
across Operations and Project Management, within both the Western Australian mining sector as
well as major global construction projects. Known for his commitment to operational excellence,
David has consistently delivered strong project outcomes in complex, high-stakes environments.
His hands-on approach, paired with exceptional organizational skills, has enabled him to lead
diverse teams in implementing safe, efficient practices that meet and exceed rigorous industry
standards. David’s approachable and pragmatic communication style fosters seamless
collaboration with both staff and clients, driving positive business results across multiple sites and
projects.
Throughout his career, David has held key senior management roles at companies such as Mineral
Resources Limited and Maca Mining Limited, including Mine Manager, General Manager, and
Operations Manager, where he has proven his ability to align project execution with strategic
objectives. He is a champion of initiatives focused on Health, Safety, Environment, Quality, and
Training, with a rigorous approach to long-term resource planning that enhances both safety and
efficiency. In addition to his technical and operational expertise, David excels in team building,
recruitment, and professional development, ensuring that his teams are equipped to tackle future
challenges. His capabilities extend to vendor management, business development, and process
optimisation, making David a versatile and impactful leader who consistently drives operational
performance and business growth. David is particularly skilled in mining, load & haul and crushing
& screening operations.
Macro Metals Limited ACN 001 894 033
ASX:M4M Suite 23, 51 Hay Street, Subiaco WA 6008 | PO Box 1311, Subiaco WA 6904
+61 (0) 8 6143 6707 | info@macrometals.com.au | www. macrometals.com.au | Page 6 of 8

Partners
Strategic Partnerships
MMS has secured access to state-of-the-art heavy mining equipment and crushing and
screening/materials handling equipment through its strategic partnerships with Paramount
Earthmoving and OPS Screening and Crushing Equipment.
Our strategic partnerships with both RE Group and MGM Bulk provides Macro with the ability to
provide safe and reliable offroad/intra-mine, and on-road pit to port, haulage solutions to its clients
and a demonstrated capability to seamless provide a complete Pit to Customer mines services
solution.
This announcement has been authorised for release by the Board of Directors.
For further information, please contact:
Simon Rushton
Managing Director
Macro Metals Limited
+61 8 6143 6707
info@macrometals.com.au
About Macro Metals Limited
Macro is a mineral exploration, development and mining services company focussed on delivery of
shareholder value through the economic development of natural resource assets.
Macro owns directly a portfolio of iron ore and manganese assets which are undergoing active
exploration programs, with the aim of providing future production opportunities.
Separately, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Macro Mining Services Pty ltd (MMS), the Company
offers bespoke, safe and highly value accretive mining services across a range of commodity groups
and through the entire pit to customer supply chain, including mining, crushing and screening,
processing, haulage, ship loading and shipping services.
Macro is a diversified mining and mining services business.
Forward Looking Statements
This announcement may include forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are
only predictions and are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions which are outside the
control of the Company. Actual values, results or events may be materially different to those
expressed or implied in this announcement. Given these uncertainties, recipients are cautioned not
to place reliance on forward looking statements. Any forward-looking statements in this
announcement speak only at the date of issue of this announcement. Subject to any continuing
obligations under applicable law, the Company does not undertake any obligation to update or
revise any information or any of the forward-looking statements in this announcement or any
changes in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such forward looking statement is
based.
Macro Metals Limited ACN 001 894 033
ASX:M4M Suite 23, 51 Hay Street, Subiaco WA 6008 | PO Box 1311, Subiaco WA 6904
+61 (0) 8 6143 6707 | info@macrometals.com.au | www. macrometals.com.au | Page 7 of 8

Acquired Tenements Schedule
Tenement Area (km2) Grant Date Expiry Minimum
Expenditure
E45/3612 16.09 8th April 2011 7th April 2025 $50,000
E45/4641 18.797 17th February 2017 16th February 2027 $70,000
M45/1233 12.838 21st July 2014 20th July 2035 $128,700
Macro Metals Limited ACN 001 894 033
ASX:M4M Suite 23, 51 Hay Street, Subiaco WA 6008 | PO Box 1311, Subiaco WA 6904
+61 (0) 8 6143 6707 | info@macrometals.com.au | www. macrometals.com.au | Page 8 of 8

TABLE:
Tenement | Area (km2) | Grant Date | Expiry |  | Minimum | 
 |  |  |  |  | Expenditure | 
E45/3612 16.09 8th April 2011 7th April 2025 $50,000 |  |  |  |  |  | 
E45/4641 18.797 17th February 2017 16th February 2027 $70,000 |  |  |  |  |  | 
M45/1233 12.838 21st July 2014 20th July 2035 $128,700 |  |  |  |  |  | 

