CLASSIC MINERALS LIMITED
71 Furniss Rd, Landsdale
Western Australia 6065
ASX: CLZ | ABN 77 119 484 016
contact@classicminerals.com.au
24 March 2025
ASX Announcement
COMPLETION OF KAT GAP PROJECT SALE TRANSACTION
Classic Minerals Limited (ASX: CLZ) (Classic or Company) is pleased to advise that it has
completed the sale of its Kat Gap Project to Bain Global Resources Pty Ltd (Bain), previously
announced to ASX on 17 December 2024 (Transaction).
Under the Transaction, Classic has sold tenements M74/249, E74/467, L74/57 and L74/59, together
with related mining information and the mining camp, to Bain for $7,000,000 (excluding GST).
Classic now intends to apply part of the proceeds to exploration and development activities at its
Forrestania Gold Project and Classic’s gold processing facility. Further details in this regard will be
provided to the market in due course.
Classic’s chair, John Lester, commented that:
“Classic is appreciative of Bain Global Resources in completing this transaction and we wish them success
at Kat Gap.”
This announcement has been authorised by the Board.
ENDS
Forward-looking statements: This announcement contains forward looking statements. Forward looking statements
are often, but not always, identified by the use of words such as "seek", "anticipate", “forecast”, "believe", "plan",
"estimate", "expect" and "intend" and statements that an event or result "may", "will", "should", "could" or "might" occur
or be achieved and other similar expressions. The forward-looking statements in this announcement are based on current
expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about the Company and the industry in which it operates. They are
subject to various inherent risks and uncertainties. Actual events or results may differ materially from the events or results
expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. The past performance of the Company is no guarantee of future
performance. Neither the Company nor any of its directors, officers, employees, agents or contractors makes any
representation or warranty (either express or implied) as to the accuracy or likelihood of fulfilment of any forward-looking
statement, or any events or results expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement, except to the extent required
by law. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statement. The forward-looking statements
in this announcement reflect views held only as at the date of this announcement.

