 
 
16 December 2024 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
HIGHLIGHTS 
ASX Announcement 
 
GWR completes sale of its 80% interest in the 
Hatches Creek Tungsten Project 
• 
Completion of the agreement between Tungsten Mining NL ("TGN") and GWR Group Ltd 
("GWR"). 
• 
GWR has sold the remaining 80% interest in the Hatches Creek Tungsten Project. 
• 
As consideration GWR has received 107.5m fully paid ordinary shares in TGN each at a 
deemed issue price of $0.08 per share. 
• 
GWR's voting power in TGN increased to approximately 19.86%. 
 
GWR Group Limited (ASX:GWR) (“GWR” or the “Company”), is pleased to announce completion of 
the sale agreement ("Agreement") to sell its remaining 80% interest in the Hatches Creek Tungsten 
Project ("Hatches Creek Project") to its joint venture partner, Tungsten Mining NL ("TGN") has 
occurred. 
Refer ASX Release dated 6 August 2024 titled "GWR agrees to sell its 80% interest in the Hatches 
Creek Tungsten Project". 
The Company's Chairman Gary Lyons commented: “We are pleased to have completed the sale of our 
interest in the Hatches Creek Project for shares in Tungsten Mining.  GWR continues to be supportive 
Tungsten Mining shareholder and look forward to them driving this project forward”. 
Consideration Received 
GWR has been issued 107.5m fully paid ordinary shares in TGN each at a deemed issue price of $0.08 
per share, in consideration for the sale of remaining 80% interest in the Hatches Creek Project to TGN.  
As a result of this issue, voting power in TGN has increased to approximately 19.86%. 
Prospect Ridge Project and Strategic Initiatives 
GWR continues to focus on the exploration and development of its Prospect Ridge Project. Further, 
GWR is continuing to appraise and undertake due diligence on potential acquisitions to complement its 
Prospect Ridge Project. 
The Company will update shareholders on any developments in this regard in accordance with its 
continuous disclosure obligations. 
-ENDS- 
 
For further information 
Gary Lyons 
Chairman 
Email: 
garylyons@heiniger.com.au
David Utting 
David Utting Corporate Ph: 
+61 416187462 
Email: 
david@davidutting.com 
Jessamyn Lyons 
Company Secretary 
Email: 
jess.lyons@nexiaperth.com.au
Rhys Davies 
Company Secretary 
Email: 
rhys@metriccs.com.au 
 
Forward looking statements 
This announcement contains forward-looking statements which are identified by words such as ‘may’, ‘could’, ‘believes’, 
‘estimates’, ‘targets’, ‘expects’, or ‘intends’ and other similar words that involve risks and uncertainties. These statements are 
based on an assessment of present economic and operating conditions, and on a number of assumptions regarding future events 
and actions that, as at the date of this announcement, are expected to take place. Such forward-looking statements does not 
guarantee future performance and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors, 
many of which are beyond the control of the Company, the directors and our management. We cannot and do not give any 
assurance that the results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in 
this prospectus will actually occur and investors are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 
We have no intention to update or revise forward-looking statements, or to publish prospective financial information in the future, 
regardless of whether new information, future events or any other factors affect the information contained in this announcement, 
except where required by law. These forward-looking statements are subject to various risk factors that could cause our actual 
results to differ materially from the results expressed or anticipated in these statements. 
