 
Page 1 
16 December 2024 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
TGN completes acquisition of remaining 80% interest in  
the Hatches Creek Tungsten Project 
Highlights  
• 
Completion of the agreement between Tungsten Mining NL ("TGN") and GWR Group Ltd ("GWR Group"). 
• 
TGN, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Territory Tungsten Pty Ltd, now holds 100% of the Hatches Creek 
Tungsten Project ("Project"). TGN is well positioned to take advantage of the strong tungsten market. 
• 
The Project has confirmed multiple high-grade polymetallic tungsten prospects and demonstrated potential 
for a high-grade tungsten deposit. The area has been largely unexplored and there is significant opportunity 
to expand the resource. 
• 
As consideration TGN has issued to GWR Group 107.5m fully paid ordinary shares in TGN each at a deemed 
issue price of $0.08 per share. The issue will result in GWR Group's voting power in TGN increasing to 
approximately 19.86%.  
 
Australian tungsten developer, Tungsten Mining NL (ASX:TGN) (“TGN” or “the Company”) is pleased to announce 
completion of the sale agreement to acquire the remaining 80% interest in the Hatches Creek Tungsten Project 
("Project") held by GWR Group Ltd (ASX:GWR) (“GWR Group”) (Refer ASX Release dated 6 August 2024 titled 
"TGN to acquire Hatches Creek Project") has occurred.  
TGN, through its wholly owned subsidiary Territory Tungsten Pty Ltd, now holds 100% ownership of the Project.  
As approved by shareholders at TGN's annual general meeting on 29 November 2024 (Refer ASX Release dated 
29 November 2024 titled "Results of Annual General Meeting"), TGN has issued 107.5m fully paid ordinary shares 
in TGN to GWR Group each at a deemed issue price of $0.08 per share, in consideration for the acquisition.  As a 
result of this issue, GWR Group 's voting power in TGN has increased to approximately 19.86%. 
The Company's Chairman Gary Lyons commented: “We are pleased to have completed the arrangement with GWR 
Group and to be the sole owner of the Hatches Creek Tungsten Project. We thank GWR Group for being a great 
partner to date and look forward to driving this exciting project forward from here with GWR Group as a supportive 
shareholder of TGN.” 
Hatches Creek Tungsten Project  
The Project area is located 325 km north-east of Alice Springs and 160 km south-east of Tennant Creek in the 
Northern Territory. The site is accessed via Taylors Creek Road or Karundi Road, 125 km from the Stuart Highway.  
 
The Project has confirmed multiple high-grade polymetallic tungsten prospects and demonstrated potential for a high-
grade tungsten deposit. The tenements comprising the Project are Exploration Licences 22912 and 23463 and 
Exploration Licence Application 31469. 
 
 
Figure 1: Hatches Creek Tungsten Project location 
 
-ENDS- 
 
 
For further information:  
 
 
 
 
Teck Wong 
 
 
 
 
 
Gary Lyons 
Chief Executive Officer  
 
 
 
Chair 
Ph: +61 8 9486 8492 
 
 
 
 
Ph: +61 8 9486 8492 
E:   teck@tungstenmining.com   
 
 
E:   garylyons@heiniger.com.au 
 
 
This ASX announcement was authorised for release by the board of Tungsten Mining NL. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
About Tungsten Mining 
Australian tungsten developer, Tungsten Mining NL is an Australian based resources company listed on the 
Australian Securities Exchange. The Company’s prime focus is the exploration and development of tungsten 
projects in Australia. 
Tungsten (chemical symbol W), occurs naturally on Earth, not in its pure form but as a constituent of other 
minerals, only two of which support commercial extraction and processing - wolframite ((Fe, Mn) WO4) and 
scheelite (CaWO4).  
Tungsten has the highest melting point of all elements except carbon – around 3400°C giving it excellent high 
temperature mechanical properties and the lowest expansion coefficient of all metals. Tungsten is a metal of 
considerable strategic importance, essential to modern industrial development (across aerospace and defence, 
electronics, automotive, extractive and construction sectors) with uses in cemented carbides, high-speed steels 
and super alloys, tungsten mill products and chemicals.  
Through exploration and acquisition, the Company has established a globally significant tungsten resource 
inventory in its portfolio of advanced mineral projects across Australia.  This provides the platform for the 
Company to become a major player within the global primary tungsten market through the development of low-
cost tungsten concentrate production.   
