ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
29 June 2023
Acquisition of new Trident Lithium Project in NSW
by Stelar Metals completed
HIGHLIGHTS
• Ownership of the Trident Lithium Project tenements in NSW have been
successfully transferred to Stelar Metals
• Stelar is now able to commence and ramp up hard-rock lithium exploration in
NSW ahead of first lithium drilling programs planned next quarter
• Stelar’s Trident Lithium Project extends over the 15km-long Euriowie Pegmatite
Field that is prospective for hard-rock lithium mineralisation
• High-resolution airborne geophysical data was acquired over the Euriowie
Pegmatite Field in May 2023
• On ground exploration work targeting known lithium-rich pegmatites to
commence in early July
Critical minerals explorer Stelar Metals Limited (ASX:SLB) (“Stelar Metals” or the “Company”) is pleased to
announce that its NSW tenements, which includes the Trident Lithium Project, have been transferred to Stelar
Metal’s by the NSW Government.
In February 2023, Stelar Metals signed an agreement to acquire a 90% stake in the Trident Lithium Project near
Broken Hill in New South Wales (ASX:SLB 15/02/2023).
The Trident Lithium Project extends over the 15km long Euriowie Pegmatite Field that is prospective for hard-rock
lithium mineralisation (Figures 1 and 2). Mapped pegmatites vary in size but have been reported to be up to 100
metres wide and over 1 kilometre in length.
Historic tin mining at Trident over the past 100 years and previous lithium mining and exploration has identified
lithium minerals in pegmatite outcrops with high-grade lithium assays from rock-chip samples confirming lithium-
rich LCT-Type pegmatite classification.
In May 2023, the Company announced an agreement with SensOre Limited (ASX:S3N) “SensOre”, who were
awarded NSW Government funding as part of the NSW Critical Minerals and High-Tech Metals Activation Fund, to
apply new geochemical and geophysical techniques to identify lithium bearing pegmatites (ASX:SLB 02/05 2023).
In late May, SensOre completed the acquisition of high-resolution airborne geophysics over the Euriowie Pegmatite
Field (Figure 2) and have subsequently completed positive ground-truthing over the known lithium bearing
pegmatites at Trident, Lady Don and Triumph.
STELAR METALS T: + 61 8 8372 7881 1
22 Greenhill Road E: info@stelarmetals.com.au
Wayville SA 5034 W: stelarmetals.com.au

Stelar Metals CEO Colin Skidmore said: “Completion of the acquisition of our new Trident Lithium Project now
enables Stelar to ramp up hard-rock exploration. Planning of Stelar’s inaugural lithium drilling program is also
underway and expected to commence late next quarter”.
“It is looking to be a very exciting period ahead of Stelar”.
Figure 1: Location of Stelar’s tenements and Trident Lithium Project near Broken Hill in NSW geology.
Abundant pegmatite veins, dykes, sills, veins and plugs dominated by quartz-albite-muscovite, intrude the rocks of
the folded Paragon and Sundown Groups within the Trident Project (Figure 2). Trident pegmatites can be tabular
to podiform to highly irregular in shape and often show zonation, pinch-and-swell structure, boudinage and folding
and vary in size but have been reported to be up to 100 metres wide and over 1 kilometre in length.
Stelar’s experienced lithium industry interpretation is consistent with previous explorers that the Euriowie
pegmatites are LCT-Type due to the presence of lithium-bearing minerals and anomalous caesium and tantalum
along with other accessory minerals that are commonly found in LCT pegmatites. The quantity and scale of the
Euriowie pegmatites indicate the Trident Project has potential to host economic quantities of lithium.
Historic mining in the 1950’s recovered amblygonite ore (as lithium phosphate mineral) from Trident and
exploration in 2016 mapped visible lithium minerals in pegmatite outcrops and returned high-grade lithium assays
from rock-chip samples confirming previous explorers’ earlier LCT-Type pegmatite classification with highly
anomalous Li-Cs-Ta-Sn-Rb assay results. The limited historical soil sampling provides indication to scale of the
surface footprint anomalism where at Trident, the lithium anomaly was 160m wide (>100ppm Li) with an 80m wide
core (>200ppm Li).
STELAR METALS T: + 61 8 8372 7881 2
22 Greenhill Road E: info@stelarmetals.com.au
Wayville SA 5034 W: stelarmetals.com.au

Figure 2: Trident Lithium Project showing distribution of pegmatites and known mineral occurrences.
The Next Steps
SensOre is currently processing the recently acquired high-resolution 256-channel radiometrics, over the Trident
Area and integrating with the available geochemical datasets for Artificial Intelligence (AI) Machine Learning. The
Company’s geophysical consultants are also advanced processing the new datasets to assist with geological
mapping and the design of the upcoming drill program.
Stelar Metals has established a positive working relationship stakeholders and landholders and is planning to
commence surface sampling and mapping in July 2023.
Stelar is also working through the approval process with an aim to commence an initial drilling program in late Q3-
2023 to confirm pegmatite orientation and lithium fertility before embarking on a deeper more comprehensive drill
program to evaluate lithium resource potential.
STELAR METALS T: + 61 8 8372 7881 3
22 Greenhill Road E: info@stelarmetals.com.au
Wayville SA 5034 W: stelarmetals.com.au

APPROVED BY THE BOARD OF STELAR METALS LIMITED
FOR MORE INFORMATION:
Colin Skidmore
Chief Executive Officer, Stelar Metals Limited
colin.skidmore@stelarmetals.com.au
+61 (08) 8372 7881
ABOUT STELAR METALS
Stelar Metals is ready to discover highly prized critical minerals of lithium, copper, zinc and cobalt needed to
drive the move to decarbonise the world and experiencing unprecedented demand. Stelar has five projects are
100% owned by Stelar Metals and are located in South Australia’s premier world class exploration and mining
district. In February 2023, Stelar acquired 90% interest in three New South Wales projects located in the Broken
Hill Block which are in joint venture with Everest Metals Corporation Limited. The Company has an experienced
exploration team with a track record of discovery success exploring for commodities that are in increasing
demand.
EXPLORATION RESULTS
The information in this announcement that relates to Exploration Results is based on information compiled by
Mr Colin Skidmore, a Competent Person who is a Member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr
Skidmore is a full-time employee of Stelar Metals Ltd. Mr Skidmore has sufficient experience that is relevant to
the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration and to the activities being undertaken to
qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting of
Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (the JORC Code (2012)). Mr Skidmore consents to the
inclusion in this announcement of the matters based on his information in the form and context in which it
appears.
This announcement includes information that relates to Exploration Results prepared and first disclosed under
the JORC Code (2012) and extracted from the Company’s initial public offering prospectus which was released
on the ASX on 16 March 2022. A copy of this prospectus is available from the ASX Announcements page of the
Company’s website: https://stelarmetals.com.au/.
The Company confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information
included in the relevant market announcement. Where the information relates to Exploration Results, the
Company confirms that the form and context in which the competent person’s findings are presented have not
been materially modified from the original market announcement.
STELAR METALS T: + 61 8 8372 7881 4
22 Greenhill Road E: info@stelarmetals.com.au
Wayville SA 5034 W: stelarmetals.com.au

