ASX Announcement | 29 November 2024
ASX Code: LDR
ACQUISITION OF MONTEZUMA
ANTIMONY PROJECT COMPLETED
Lode Resources Ltd (‘Lode’ or ‘Company’) (ASX: LDR) is pleased to announce that the
Company has completed the acquisition of the Montezuma Antimony Project located in
Tasmanian’s premier West Coast Mining Province. Lode now owns 100% of the Project.
The Montezuma Antimony Project significantly accelerates Lodes strategic aim of becoming
Australia’s next antimony producer during a period of critical global antimony supply shortages
and record high antimony prices.
Highlights
• Lode completes acquisition of the Montezuma Antimony Project, an advanced
antimony project that includes a high-grade antimony-silver-lead deposit with
initial mine development, advanced metallurgy, significant mining equipment and
beneficiation infrastructure.
• All historic surface channel sampling, exploration adit face sampling and diamond
drill core sampling has been reviewed and Lode intends to update the market in
the near future on actions being carried out to bring exploration results up to
JORC standards.
• Development of portal box cut and commencement of exploration drive has
produced stockpiled mineralisation with the potential for direct shipping ore.
• Metallurgical test work is well advanced with 90% recoveries of antimony
achieved producing a saleable antimony product.
• R&D funding discussions are ongoing with local and international institutions
including those representing major western governments.
• Montezuma Antimony Project acquisition complements Lode’s antimony
exploration portfolio in the New England Fold Belt, NSW’s most prolific antimony
province. Together, these assets create a formidable Antimony division within
Lode.
• Also compliments Lode's high-grade Silver portfolio with assays due shortly from
the Webbs Consol Silver project where drilling at the Castlereagh prospect has
been completed.
• Montezuma Antimony Project acquisition terms are:
➢ $50,000 non-refundable cash deposit paid during October 2024; plus
➢ $200,000 cash payable on completion of the Acquisition; plus
➢ 10,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares in the Company at a deemed issue price of
$0.10 per share on completion of the Acquisition subject to 12-month escrow; plus
➢ Up to 6,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares in the Company at a deemed issue
price of $0.10 per share upon satisfaction of certain performance hurdles by the
Sellers (key terms are outlined in Annexure 1) and subject to 12-month escrow.
ASX Code: LDR | ACN: 637 512 415 | www.loderesources.com
A: Level 5, 1 Margaret St Sydney NSW 2000 | P: +61 2 9199 8017 | E: info@loderesources.com

Andrew Van Heyst, Lode’s Chair, commented:
“The Montezuma acquisition is a significant step forward in the development of Lode Resources. It
accelerates the company towards producer status and complements our existing high-grade Silver and
Antimony projects in NSW. Importantly we are appointing the vendor Mr Steven McDermott to be our
Tasmanian Operations manager and his extensive skills in mine management can also help development
of our New England projects, specifically Webbs Consol Silver and the Magwood Antimony mine.”
Ted Leschke, Lode’s Managing Director, commented:
“The Montezuma Antimony Project shapes as a particularly exciting asset for Lode shareholders, given
the high-grade nature of the deposit, very high antimony prices and many other components already in
place that will accelerate development.
Our enhanced cash position as a result of our recent funding initiative means we can now proceed to
systematic mapping of the deposit including development of an underground exploration drive, ahead of
a co-ordinated drilling programme with a view to progressing Montezuma to a maiden high-grade
antimony resource. Existing mining equipment and beneficiation infrastructure as part of the Montezuma
transaction sets Lode apart from many companies as it will assist offtake and other financing discussions.
We are also excited about applying part of the equity raising towards advancing our 100% owned
Magwood Antimony Project in the north-east of New South Wales. Magwood was Australia’s largest
primary antimony production source throughout the 1960s and 1970s, and was of such a strong grade
that the then-owners never undertook drilling of the deposit.
Shareholders of Lode now have that opportunity at a time when investors and government agencies are
recognising the material strategic value of antimony found in western world jurisdictions. Work on
Montezuma will begin immediately."
Montezuma Antimony Project
The Montezuma Antimony Project includes a high-grade antimony-silver-lead deposit with initial
development, advanced metallurgical test work and significant beneficiation infrastructure. The
Montezuma Antimony Project deposit (2M-2023, EL7-2019) is located between well-known mining
centres such as Rosebery (Zn,Cu,Pb), Renison Bell (Sn), Henty (Au) and Zeehan(Pb,Ag). Access is via
the Zeehan township located 14km to the west.
Figure 1. Montezuma Antimony Project located in Tasmanian’s premier West Coast Mining Province
2

The Montezuma antimony-silver-lead deposit is a structurally controlled lode, emplaced primarily within
the well-known Motezuma fault and hosted by a sequence of turbidites. Antimony and lead are contained
within Jamesonite, a lead-iron-antimony sulphide mineral (Pb FeSb S ) and is a late-stage hydrothermal
4 6 14
mineral forming at moderate to low temperatures. This project is also prospective for copper, zinc and
gold.
The Montezuma antimony-silver-lead deposit is defined by surface sampling of the exposed mineralised
structure over 50m strike length, development face sampling and 13 diamond drill holes which have
intercepted high-grade mineralisation down to a depth of 80m. The Montezuma antimony-silver-lead
deposit remains open to the north, south and at depth.
Figure 2. Montezuma antimony-silver-lead deposit – long section
Figure 3. Commencement of underground Figure 4. Saleable antimony product sodium
development –mineralisation from a 50m exploration pyroantimonate (Na4Sb O ) produced during
2 7
drive to feed pilot plant metallurgical test work
3

Figure 5. Significant beneficiation infrastructure Figure 6. Significant services infrastructure
including crushing and grinding equipment includes recently constructed tailings dam, raw
water dam and grid power
The Montezuma Antimony Project’s pilot scale beneficiation plant is located 15km to the northwest
of the Zeehan township. Infrastructure includes connection to grid power, cone crusher, ball mill,
gravity tables, spirals, tankage, raw water and a recently constructed tailings dam. Trial pilot scale
beneficiation treatment of Montezuma mineralisation is planned once metallurgical parameters,
tankage configuration and permitting are finalised.
Figure 7. Montezuma Antimony Project - beneficiation plant and associated services infrastructure
Beneficiation Plant
Raw Water Dam
New Tailings Dam
Significant bench scale metallurgical test work has been carried out to date by Core Resources, a
Brisbane based metallurgical project development firm. Finalisation of this work is needed. “Core
has completed flowsheet design, test work and engineering plans for the Montezuma Antimony
Project. This work has involved developing an innovative approach to recovering antimony from
Jamesonite, whilst recovering silver and lead by-products in a low-cost and straightforward process
flowsheet that could be implemented on site using readily available equipment.”1
1
https://coreresources.com.au/unlocking-antimony-core-resources-expertise-amid-global-supply-challenges/
4

Metallurgical test work on a batch of development mineralisation involved bulk leaching,
hydrocycloning remaining solids to produce a separate a Pb/Ag product (See Table 1), oxidation,
crystallization and precipitation of an antimony compound. A 90% antimony recovery and 47%
antimony content by weight was achieved.
The resultant product sodium pyroantimonate (Na Sb O ) is primarily used as a glass clarifier and,
4 2 7
given its application in solar panels, has particularly strong demand growth. Additional metallurgical
test work may include the production of synthetic antimony (Sb S ). This product has smelter
2 3
applications, in particular as a hardener in lead alloys. Testwork to date has primarily focused on
maximising antimony recoveries. Further metallurgical work is needed to determine silver and lead
recoveries, however high-grade concentrate grading 2,575 g/t Ag and 60% Pb has already been
achieved.
Table 1. Silver-Lead concentrate grades from Figure 9. Concentrate product using various
cyclone overflow (-C5 configuration) cyclone configurations
Figure 10. Montezuma Processing Flowsheet
5
B
B
A
a
a
v
t
t
e
c h
c h
r a
1
2
g
C
O
O
e
B u lk
y c lo n
/ F
/ F
e
2
2
2
A g
g / t
,3 9 0
,7 6 0
,5 7 5
P b
%
6 0 .3 0
6 0 .9 0
6 0 .6 0

Figure 11. Montezuma Alkaline Sulphide Leaching and Air Oxidation Test Set Up
This announcement has been approved and authorised by Lode Resource Ltd’s Managing
Director, Ted Leschke.
For more information on Lode Resources and to subscribe for our regular updates, please visit
our website at www.loderesources.com or email info@loderesoruces.com
No Material Changes
The Company confirms it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the
information included in this announcement and that all material assumptions and technical
parameters underpinning the exploration activities in this market announcements continue to apply
and have not materially changed.
Competent Person’s Statement
The information in this market announcement that relates to exploration results is based on
information compiled by Mr Jason Beckton, who is a Member of the Australian Institute of
Geoscientists. The information in this market announcement is an accurate representation of the
available data for Montezuma project. Mr Beckton, who is Executive Director – Resource
Development at Lode, has sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and
type of deposit under consideration and to the activity which he is undertaking to qualify as a
Competent Person as defined in the 2012 edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of
Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’. Mr Beckton has a beneficial interest as
a shareholder and option holder of Lode and consents to the inclusion in this announcement of the
matters based on the information in the form and context in which it appears.
6

Annexure 1 Material Terms of Acquisition Agreement
Acquisition 100% of the issued share capital in Spero Mining Pty Ltd (Spero Mining) and t the shares
in its wholly owned subsidiary Ten Star Mining Pty Ltd (Ten Star Mining), and the
tenements owned by Spero Mining, its directors and Ten Star Mining.
Counterparty Steven McDermott, Keith McDermott and Ten Star Mining
Spero Mining
Project Tenement Holder Date of Location Area
and Ten Star
No. expiry
Mining
Montezuma 2M-2023 K & S 28/12/2025 Moore's Pimple, 5 ha
Antimony McDermott Montezuma Nth
EL7-2019 Spero 24/03/2020 Moore's Pimple 4 sq km
Mining
Heemskirk 2M-2018 Ten Star 05/03/2027 Donnelly's 78 ha
Tin – Globe Mining Lookout, two
Siler Mine separate areas
32M-1988 Ten Star 01/11/2024 Granville Harbour, 1 ha
Mining Mt Heemskirk
dolerite rock
quarry, within
EL9-2019
EL9-2019 Ten Star 10/06/2026 Vicinity of 91 sq km
Mining Heemskirk Rd
Purchase In consideration, the Company agrees to pay the following to the Sellers:
Price
A. $50,000 non-refundable paid during October 2024 (Signing Consideration);
B. $200,000 in cash on the completion date (Completion Payment);
C. 10,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares in the Company on the completion
date (Consideration Shares);
D. up to 6,000,000 fully paid ordinary shares (Performance Shares) within
seven days of satisfaction of the below performance conditions:
i. research and development grant from AusIndustry – R&D Tax Incentive with
minimum R&D refund of $50,000;
ii. submission of US Department of Defence white paper;
iii. achieve a JORC Mineral Resources estimate with no minimum tonnage or grade
required;
iv. antimony offtake agreement for a minimum of 85 tonnes; and
v. completion of a 50m exploration drive.
E. The performance shares have an expiry date of 30 June 2026 and if the above
milestones are not achieved by the expiry date the performance shares will be
cancelled.
Note that:
F. the Consideration Shares and Performance Shares will be subject to 12 months
voluntary escrow from the date of issue.
7

TABLE:
Project | Tenement | Holder | Date of | Location | Area
 | No. |  | expiry |  | 
Montezuma
Antimony | 2M-2023 | K & S
McDermott | 28/12/2025 | Moore's Pimple,
Montezuma Nth | 5 ha
 | EL7-2019 | Spero
Mining | 24/03/2020 | Moore's Pimple | 4 sq km
Heemskirk
Tin – Globe
Siler Mine | 2M-2018 | Ten Star
Mining | 05/03/2027 | Donnelly's
Lookout, two
separate areas | 78 ha
 | 32M-1988 | Ten Star
Mining | 01/11/2024 | Granville Harbour,
Mt Heemskirk
dolerite rock
quarry, within
EL9-2019 | 1 ha
 | EL9-2019 | Ten Star
Mining | 10/06/2026 | Vicinity of
Heemskirk Rd | 91 sq km

Completion date Completion date 29 November 2024.
Source of funds The Company will fund the Purchase Price using shares and existing funds held
to pay the
within its cash reserves.
Purchase Price
Changes to The proposed acquisition will not result in any change to the Board, however Steve
Board/senior McDermott and Keith McDermott will be retained as employees of the Company to
management facilitate the integration of the companies and in the hopes of achieving those
performance conditions which will entitle them to the Performance Shares.
8

