ASX Code: IPT
March 10th, 2025
New Ground Acquisition at Broken Hill
• Impact to acquire a large tenement package from New Frontier Minerals Limited (ASX:NFM)
adjoining its existing ground holding that almost completely surrounds the giant Broken Hill
lead-zinc-silver mine in New South Wales.
• Impact’s ground now extends over 1,770 sq km and covers an area considered extremely
prospective for large copper deposits following a novel exploration model that formed the basis
of the company’s participation in the inaugural BHP Xplor program in 2023.
• Detailed mapping and sampling of 99 gabbro sills and other work completed during the Xplor
program confirmed the copper potential with numerous areas for further exploration identified
within the Broken Hill sequence. At least one such target lies within the newly acquired ground.
• Next steps will include ground geophysics to help identify targets for drilling.
• Terms of the acquisition are as follows: Impact to purchase BHA No 1 Pty Ltd, a wholly owned
subsidiary of NFM, for $275,000 in Impact shares and subject to staged voluntary escrow over
six months commencing one month after Completion.
Impact Minerals Limited (ASX:IPT) is pleased to announce the acquisition of a large, 675 sq km
landholding adjacent to its current land position surrounding one of the world’s greatest
mines containing over 350 million tonnes of massive sulphide mineralisation, the Broken Hill
silver-lead-zinc deposit in New South Wales.
The acquisition builds on exploration and research completed as part of the BHP Xplor
program, in which Impact participated in its inaugural year, and positions the company as one
of the largest ground holders in the region, particularly to the south of Broken Hill. Impact
now has 100% ownership of tenements covering 1,770 sq km and over 100 kilometres of
strike (Figures 1 and 2; ASX Releases January 17, 2023, and February 16, 2023).
The Broken Hill region is currently experiencing a resurgence of interest in exploration.
Broken Hill Mines (ASX: BHM, formerly Coolabah Metals Limited) recently purchased the
privately owned Rasp Mine in Broken Hill and the nearby Pinnacles deposit. In addition,
South32 Limited has entered a joint venture with a private company that owns a significant
ground holding north of the Broken Hill mine. This interest is partly driven by a recent
increase in silver prices and long-term demand trends for zinc and lead.

The Search for Copper at Broken Hill
Since the discovery of the giant Broken Hill deposit in 1883, most previous exploration has
focused on silver-lead-zinc mineralisation. However, various styles of copper mineralisation
are also known to occur throughout the region and have been the focus of some exploration
and shallow drilling, though with limited success (Figures 1 and 2). Since copper
mineralisation is commonly associated with, but peripheral to, numerous silver-lead-zinc
deposits, many exploration geologists have asked, “Where is the large copper deposit at
Broken Hill?”.
Figure 1. Image of regional total magnetic intensity showing the Broken Hill orebody (Line of Lode),
Impact’s granted licences and licence applications and the new tenements acquired. Note the
Thackeringa Fault and Farmcote shear zone, both interpreted as deep-seated long-lived crustal
lineaments, and the interpreted sub-basin in the new tenements. Widespread copper occurrences
attest to the prospectivity of the region for copper. Impact’s rock chip locations are also shown.
ASX:IPT | ABN 52 119 062 261

Figure 2. Image of the first vertical derivative of regional magnetic data as in Figure 1. A detailed
interpretation of this data has resulted in the identification of numerous target areas for large copper
deposits.
Impact became interested in the region's copper potential during exploration for silver-lead-
zinc at the Dora East prospect, located about 30 km south of Broken Hill (Figures 1 and 2).
Here, Impact discovered moderate widths of high-grade silver-lead-zinc mineralisation and
narrow zones of high-grade copper-silver mineralisation (Figure 3 and ASX Releases
December 8, 2015, and February 19 2016).
Drill hole RHD020 returned an intercept of:
7 metres at 7% zinc, 1.1% lead and 20.7 g/t silver from 131 metres including
1.6 metres at 22.0% zinc, 3.6% lead and 66.7 g/t silver from 132.4 metres (Figure 3).
In addition, a zone of good copper and silver grades was identified that returned:
0.7 metres at 2.4% copper and 22.5 g/t silver from 109.5 metres (Figure 3).
ASX:IPT | ABN 52 119 062 261

Hole RHD018 returned:
5.1 metres at 10% zinc, 0.8% lead, 40.4 g/t silver from 148.4 metres including
1 metre at 26.8% zinc, 2.8% lead, 133 g/t silver (4 ounces) from 148.9 metres; and
1 metre at 21.4% zinc, 0.8% lead and 31.5 g/t silver (1 ounce) from 152.5 metres.
In addition, a narrow zone of highly anomalous copper, silver and zinc grades was identified
that returned:
0.15 metres at 1.5% copper, 1.3% zinc and 22 g/t silver (Figure 3).
The copper mineralisation had a different origin than the silver-lead-zinc mineralisation,
prompting Impact to initiate an internal research project to further explore the region's
copper potential (ASX Release May 5th, 2016). This ultimately led to Impact’s successful
application for the BHP Xplor program (ASX Releases January 17, 2023, and February 16,
2023).
Figure 3. Cross section through the Dora East Prospect showing high-grade silver-lead-zinc and
copper-silver-zinc intercepts.
ASX:IPT | ABN 52 119 062 261

A new model for copper at Broken Hill
Impact’s thesis for the Xplor program is based on unpublished work completed by Prof. Tony
Crawford and his associates at the Centre for Ore Deposit Studies at the University of
Tasmania, which proposed a new model for the source of metals in the Broken Hill deposit.
This model suggested there is significant exploration potential for a large copper deposit
related to Broken Hill somewhere in the stratigraphic (rock) sequence below the deposit.
The Crawford model proposed that there was an important, if not dominant, contribution of
silver, lead, and zinc, along with associated pathfinder elements such as manganese and
phosphorus, to the metal budget at the Broken Hill deposit from a series of mafic gabbro sills
that occur only at or below the Broken Hill mineralisation (Figure 4).
Figure 4. Cross section through the Dora East Prospect showing high grade silver-lead-zinc and copper-
silver-zinc intercepts.
Crawford’s work indicated that the parental magma for the mafic gabbro sills was unusually
iron-rich and also that as those magmas fractionated (cooled) and crystallised, they would
concentrate any silver-lead-zinc and other metals that could be released into the
hydrothermal system that created Broken Hill. Impact found field evidence at Dora East that
supported this model.
A corollary of the proposed process is that the parental mafic magma would also have carried
a large amount of copper, which, if concentrated deeper in the system, could potentially form
a very large magmatic copper sulphide deposit. Alternatively, the copper may have
accumulated as a large sedimentary copper deposit, depending on how and when the copper
was concentrated and released into the rock sequence.
ASX:IPT | ABN 52 119 062 261

Impact’s Xplor Work
Impact completed to following research work funded by the Xplor program:
1. Mapping and sampling of the mafic gabbro sills with a total of 655 rock chip samples
taken across 99 different mafic sills from throughout the Broken Hill stratigraphy (rock
sequence). These were submitted for multi-element geochemical assay focusing on
copper, lead, zinc and iron.
2. A detailed magnetic interpretation of the south Broken Hill area.
3. Geophysical case studies over the Dora East silver-lead-zinc discovery using the Sub-
Audio Magnetic (SAM) and Audio-Magnetotelluric (AMT) techniques, together with
some regional MT readings. Broken Hill-style massive sulphide mineralisation is
generally non-conductive in traditional electromagnetic (EM) surveys. The SAM and
AMT techniques offer potential direct detection of galena-sphalerite mineralisation.
This work could not have been funded without the Xplor program, and the Company thanks
BHP for their innovative approach to helping fund exploration by junior companies. To clarify
though, Impact is under no obligation to BHP with respect to the Broken Hill project.
Figure 5 summarizes the rock chip geochemistry results for copper, lead, zinc and iron
(further details are provided in the JORC Table at the end of this report). There are some clear
relationships.
Figure 5. Summary of 655 rock chip samples taken across 99 gabbro units throughout the Broken Hill
stratigraphic sequence. There are three major rock Groups (Basement, Thackeringa Group and Broken
Hill Group), within which there are 10 separate rock formations, all of which contain gabbro sills. The
Broken Hill mineralisation occurs at the top of the sequence at and above the Freyers unit (Figure 4).
First, the gabbros become very iron-enriched towards the top of the sequence.
Secondly, the gabbros also become significantly more zinc and lead-enriched toward the top
of the sequence. This supports the Crawford model in that the gabbro sequence is
fractionating (or evolving) over time and concentrating iron, lead and zinc (and other key
metals not shown). Thus, these gabbros could have provided metals (as well as heat and
fluids) into the Broken Hill mineralizing system.
ASX:IPT | ABN 52 119 062 261

Thirdly, and most importantly, as predicted, it is evident that copper is being depleted at the
top of the system. This suggests that copper may have been lost from the system over time;
therefore, it is possible that this copper has concentrated deeper in the sequence below the
Broken Hill deposit.
Impact interprets the rock chip data, along with field evidence, to indicate the Crawford
model could apply to Broken Hill and that there is significant potential for a larger copper
deposit in the region.
Together with the other data collected as part of the Xplor program, as well as in-house
knowledge of the region built up over the past ten years, several key areas have been
identified as prospective for significant copper mineralisation related either to magmatic
sulphides or sedimentary sulphides. One such area is a large sub-basin identified in the
magnetic data adjacent to the Farmcote Shear Zone in the newly acquired ground (Figures 1
and 2).
Both the Farmcote Shear Zone and the well-known Thackeringa Fault are two major
structures that have a fundamental effect on the distribution of rock types and structural
history of the Broken Hill region. Impact interprets these as long-lived trans-crustal structures
that had an important role to play in the mineralisation of the Broken Hill region.
Next Steps
Impact’s immediate focus is on completing the Pre-Feasibility Study for the Lake Hope High
Purity Alumina project in Western Australia. However, some funds from the current
renounceable rights issue will be directed towards developing some of the priority copper
targets for drilling. This will include some ground geophysics over the newly identified sub-
basin. Impact is considering a number of options for funding further work in the area
considering its potential.
TERMS OF THE AGREEMENT WITH NEW FRONTIER METALS LTD
1. Impact has entered into an agreement to purchase from New Frontier Metals Ltd
(ASX:NFM) its wholly owned subsidiary BHA No. 1 Pty Ltd (“BHA”), which holds the
Broken Hill East Project comprising tenements EL8434 and EL8435.
2. Under the terms of the agreement, in consideration for NFM transferring all of the
shares in BHA to Impact, NFM will receive $275,000 worth of IPT shares (based on a
14-day VWAP as at March 7th 2025), which IPT shares are subject to voluntary escrow
arrangements for up to 6 months.
3. Completion of the agreement, and the sale of BHA, is expected to occur on or around
Monday, 10 March 2025.
ASX:IPT | ABN 52 119 062 261

COMPLIANCE STATEMENT
This report contains new Exploration Results for 655 rock chip geochemistry samples.
The acquisition was incomplete at the time of the recent renounceable rights issue's lodgment,
as declared in the prospectus (ASX Release February 28th, 2025).
Dr Michael G Jones
Managing Director
Competent Persons Statement
The review of results in this report is based on information compiled by Dr Mike Jones, a Member of the Australasian
Institute of Geoscientists and a full-time employee of Impact Minerals Limited. He has sufficient experience which
is relevant to the style of mineralisation and types of deposits under consideration and to the activity that he is
undertaking to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 edition of the Australasian Code for Reporting
of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves (the JORC Code). Dr Jones has consented to including
the matters in the report based on his information in the form and context in which it appears.
JORC Code, 2012 Edition – Table 1
Section 1 Sampling Techniques and Data
Criteria JORC Code explanation
Sampling techniques • Nature and quality of sampling (e.g. cut channels, random chips, or • Rock-chip samples of amphibolites were collected along traverses
specific specialised industry standard measurement tools appropriate to bisecting the exposed thickness of intrusive gabbro units (i.e. ‘Willyama
the minerals under investigation, such as down hole gamma sondes, or Amphibolites’).
handheld XRF instruments, etc). These examples should not be taken as
• Sample collection – performed by a geologist and a field-assistant – was
limiting the broad meaning of sampling.
achieved using a geo-pick. Due to the objectives of the sampling
• Include reference to measures taken to ensure sample representivity and campaign, only un-weathered or minimally weathered units were
the appropriate calibration of any measurement tools or systems used. targeted. Judgement regarding what classifies as ‘un-weathered’
ultimately rests with the geologist supervising the collection. To ensure
• Aspects of the determination of mineralisation that are Material to the
consistent identification of un-weathered amphibolite units, the same two
Public Report.
geologists supervised the campaign with ample shift-overlaps.
• Description of ‘industry standard’ work
• A minimum of 1kg of rock-chip sample would be inserted into a labelled
calico bag.
Drilling techniques
• Drill type (e.g. core, reverse circulation, open-hole hammer, rotary air • NA.
blast, auger, Bangka, sonic, etc) and details (e.g. core diameter, triple or
standard tube, depth of diamond tails, face-sampling bit or other type,
whether core is oriented and if so, by what method, etc).
Drill sample recovery
• Method of recording and assessing core and chip sample recoveries and • NA.
results assessed.
• Measures taken to maximise sample recovery and ensure representative
nature of the samples.
• Whether a relationship exists between sample recovery and grade and
whether sample bias may have occurred due to preferential loss/gain of
fine/coarse material.
Logging
• Whether core and chip samples have been geologically and geotechnically • Mineralogical logging of every rock-chip sample collected was performed.
logged to a level of detail to support appropriate Mineral Resource In addition, structural measurements of traverses were also collected, as
estimation, mining studies and metallurgical studies. well as magnetic susceptibility measurements using a K-10 magnetic
susceptibility meter.
• Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative in nature. Core (or costean,
channel, etc) photography.
• The total length and percentage of the relevant intersections logged.
Sub-sampling • If core, whether cut or sawn and whether quarter, half or all core taken. • Measures undertaken to ensure rock-chip samples are representative of
techniques and
• If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled, rotary split, etc and whether
the intrusive units sampled include: 1) a minimum of 1kg sample weight
sample preparation designated as appropriate; 2) by virtue of sampling an intrusive unit via a
sampled wet or dry.
traverse – samples encapsulate most geochemical excursions contained
• For all sample types, the nature, quality and appropriateness of the within, given that the basal and roof-contacts are always sampled.
sample preparation technique.
• Quality control procedures adopted for all sub-sampling stages to
maximise representivity of samples.
• Measures taken to ensure that the sampling is representative of the in-
situ material collected, including for instance results for field
duplicate/second-half sampling.
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the grain size of the material
being sampled.
Quality of assay • The nature, quality and appropriateness of the assaying and laboratory • Assaying of rock-chips samples was performed by Intertek (Adelaide)
data and laboratory procedures used and whether the technique is considered partial or total. using conventional analytical methods.
tests
• For geophysical tools, spectrometers, handheld XRF instruments, etc, the • Assay suites included total complete digests (Na-peroxide fusions:
ASX:IPT | ABN 52 119 062 261

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | JORC Code explanation |  |  |  | 
Sampling techniques |  |  | • Nature and quality of sampling (e.g. cut channels, random chips, or
specific specialised industry standard measurement tools appropriate to
the minerals under investigation, such as down hole gamma sondes, or
handheld XRF instruments, etc). These examples should not be taken as
limiting the broad meaning of sampling.
• Include reference to measures taken to ensure sample representivity and
the appropriate calibration of any measurement tools or systems used.
• Aspects of the determination of mineralisation that are Material to the
Public Report.
• Description of ‘industry standard’ work |  |  | • Rock-chip samples of amphibolites were collected along traverses
bisecting the exposed thickness of intrusive gabbro units (i.e. ‘Willyama
Amphibolites’).
• Sample collection – performed by a geologist and a field-assistant – was
achieved using a geo-pick. Due to the objectives of the sampling
campaign, only un-weathered or minimally weathered units were
targeted. Judgement regarding what classifies as ‘un-weathered’
ultimately rests with the geologist supervising the collection. To ensure
consistent identification of un-weathered amphibolite units, the same two
geologists supervised the campaign with ample shift-overlaps.
• A minimum of 1kg of rock-chip sample would be inserted into a labelled
calico bag. |  | 
Drilling techniques |  |  | • Drill type (e.g. core, reverse circulation, open-hole hammer, rotary air
blast, auger, Bangka, sonic, etc) and details (e.g. core diameter, triple or
standard tube, depth of diamond tails, face-sampling bit or other type,
whether core is oriented and if so, by what method, etc). |  |  | • NA. |  | 
Drill sample recovery |  |  | • Method of recording and assessing core and chip sample recoveries and
results assessed.
• Measures taken to maximise sample recovery and ensure representative
nature of the samples.
• Whether a relationship exists between sample recovery and grade and
whether sample bias may have occurred due to preferential loss/gain of
fine/coarse material. |  |  | • NA. |  | 
Logging |  |  | • Whether core and chip samples have been geologically and geotechnically
logged to a level of detail to support appropriate Mineral Resource
estimation, mining studies and metallurgical studies.
• Whether logging is qualitative or quantitative in nature. Core (or costean,
channel, etc) photography.
• The total length and percentage of the relevant intersections logged. |  |  | • Mineralogical logging of every rock-chip sample collected was performed.
In addition, structural measurements of traverses were also collected, as
well as magnetic susceptibility measurements using a K-10 magnetic
susceptibility meter. |  | 
Sub-sampling
techniques and
sample preparation |  |  | • If core, whether cut or sawn and whether quarter, half or all core taken.
• If non-core, whether riffled, tube sampled, rotary split, etc and whether
sampled wet or dry.
• For all sample types, the nature, quality and appropriateness of the
sample preparation technique.
• Quality control procedures adopted for all sub-sampling stages to
maximise representivity of samples.
• Measures taken to ensure that the sampling is representative of the in-
situ material collected, including for instance results for field
duplicate/second-half sampling.
• Whether sample sizes are appropriate to the grain size of the material
being sampled. |  |  | • Measures undertaken to ensure rock-chip samples are representative of
the intrusive units sampled include: 1) a minimum of 1kg sample weight
designated as appropriate; 2) by virtue of sampling an intrusive unit via a
traverse – samples encapsulate most geochemical excursions contained
within, given that the basal and roof-contacts are always sampled. |  | 
Quality of assay
data and laboratory
tests |  |  | • The nature, quality and appropriateness of the assaying and laboratory
procedures used and whether the technique is considered partial or total.
• For geophysical tools, spectrometers, handheld XRF instruments, etc, the |  |  | • Assaying of rock-chips samples was performed by Intertek (Adelaide)
using conventional analytical methods.
• Assay suites included total complete digests (Na-peroxide fusions: |  | 

Criteria JORC Code explanation
parameters used in determining the analysis including instrument make FP1/OM42 & FP6/OM55, with ICP-finishes), near-complete digests (four-
and model, reading times, calibrations factors applied and their acid multi-element digests with ICP-finishes), fire-assays for precious
derivation, etc. metals/platinoids (i.e. FA25/MS on 25g of pulp), and lastly, acid digestion
& titration for determination of ferrous iron (FeO, using AD71/VOL) for
• Nature of quality control procedures adopted (e.g. standards, blanks,
the purposes of determining oxidation levels of the mafic plutonic units.
duplicates, external laboratory checks) and whether acceptable levels of
accuracy (i.e. lack of bias) and precision have been established. • Standard laboratory QAQC procedures were employed. Blank and
Standards (i.e. Certified Reference Material – CRM) analyses did not yield
results that would warrant concern regarding contamination or precision,
respectively.
• No in-field QAQC samples were inserted for wet-chemistry given that rock-
chip samples generally do not warrant them.
Verification of • The verification of significant intersections by either independent or • NA.
sampling and alternative company personnel.
assaying
• The use of twinned holes.
• Documentation of primary data, data entry procedures, data verification,
data storage (physical and electronic) protocols.
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data.
Location of data • Accuracy and quality of surveys used to locate drill holes (collar and down- • 655 rock-chip samples have been collected for a total of 99 traverses (i.e.
points hole surveys), trenches, mine workings and other locations used in amphibolites analyzed).
Mineral Resource estimation.
• Sample locations were measured using a handheld GPS. Coordinates were
• Specification of the grid system used. recorded using the GDA94 / MGA zone 54 grid system.
• Quality and adequacy of topographic control. •
Data spacing and • Data spacing for reporting of Exploration Results. • A minimum of 4-5 samples were to be collected for intrusives of apparent
distribution thickness <10m.
• Whether the data spacing and distribution is sufficient to establish the
degree of geological and grade continuity appropriate for the Mineral • Sample spacing along a traverse was to ensure equidistance between
Resource and Ore Reserve estimation procedure(s) and classifications consecutive samples. To do so, once every traverse was oriented, a
applied. measuring tape would be laid out from contact to contact, and every
sample’s ‘apparent height’ within the intrusive was recorded.
• Whether sample compositing has been applied.
Orientation of data • Whether the orientation of sampling achieves unbiased sampling of • Traverses were oriented using a compass such that the traverse axis is
in relation to possible structures and the extent to which this is known, considering the orthogonal to the strike of the intrusive unit.
geological structure deposit type.
• Structural measurements (i.e. foliation, contact, etc.) were recorded for
• If the relationship between the drilling orientation and the orientation of every traverse. A minimum of 2 structural measurements was set per
key mineralised structures is considered to have introduced a sampling traverse.
bias, this should be assessed and reported if material.
• Using the strike/dip of both contacts, a true thickness of every
amphibolite sample was calculated. Further, every ‘apparent height’
measurement of a sample was subsequently converted to a ‘true height’.
Sample security • The measures taken to ensure sample security. • 10-15 bagged samples would be contained within labelled poly-weave
sacks. At the end of every sample collection day, the poly-weave sacks
would be stored at the gated and secure premises of Aussam Geotechnical
Services in Broken Hill.
Audits or reviews • The results of any audits or reviews of sampling techniques and data. • NA.
Section 2 Reporting of Exploration Results
Criteria listed in the preceding section also apply to this section.
Criteria JORC Code explanation
Mineral tenement and land • Type, reference name/number, location and ownership • Rock-chip samples have been collected within the following IPT (holding
tenure status including agreements or material issues with third parties company “Siouville Pty Ltd”) Exploration Licences: EL8636, EL9036,
such as joint ventures, partnerships, overriding royalties, EL7390, EL8234, EL9384. All exploration licences are 100% IPT owned.
native title interests, historical sites, wilderness or
national park and environmental settings.
• The security of the tenure held at the time of reporting
along with any known impediments to obtaining a licence
to operate in the area.
Exploration done by other • Acknowledgment and appraisal of exploration by other • NA.
parties parties.
Geology • Deposit type, geological setting and style of • The model invoked during the rock-chip sampling campaign is the
mineralisation. following: 1) ferrobasaltic evolution of syn-tectonic shallow-crustal
magmas, 2) intrusion/extrusion into/unto basin sequences; 3) copper-
affinity linked to intrusives most reflective of ‘ferrobasaltic’
characteristics, 4) post-emplacement concentration/remobilization of
copper into favourable structural domains.
Drill hole Information • A summary of all information material to the • NA.
understanding of the exploration results including a
tabulation of the following information for all Material
drill holes:
• easting and northing of the drill hole collar
• elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation above sea level
in metres) of the drill hole collar
• dip and azimuth of the hole
• down hole length and interception depth
• hole length.
• If the exclusion of this information is justified on the basis
that the information is not Material and this exclusion
does not detract from the understanding of the report,
the Competent Person should clearly explain why this is
the case.
ASX:IPT | ABN 52 119 062 261

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | JORC Code explanation |  |  |  | 
 |  |  | parameters used in determining the analysis including instrument make
and model, reading times, calibrations factors applied and their
derivation, etc.
• Nature of quality control procedures adopted (e.g. standards, blanks,
duplicates, external laboratory checks) and whether acceptable levels of
accuracy (i.e. lack of bias) and precision have been established. |  |  | FP1/OM42 & FP6/OM55, with ICP-finishes), near-complete digests (four-
acid multi-element digests with ICP-finishes), fire-assays for precious
metals/platinoids (i.e. FA25/MS on 25g of pulp), and lastly, acid digestion
& titration for determination of ferrous iron (FeO, using AD71/VOL) for
the purposes of determining oxidation levels of the mafic plutonic units.
• Standard laboratory QAQC procedures were employed. Blank and
Standards (i.e. Certified Reference Material – CRM) analyses did not yield
results that would warrant concern regarding contamination or precision,
respectively.
• No in-field QAQC samples were inserted for wet-chemistry given that rock-
chip samples generally do not warrant them. |  | 
Verification of
sampling and
assaying |  |  | • The verification of significant intersections by either independent or
alternative company personnel.
• The use of twinned holes.
• Documentation of primary data, data entry procedures, data verification,
data storage (physical and electronic) protocols.
• Discuss any adjustment to assay data. |  |  | • NA. |  | 
Location of data
points |  |  | • Accuracy and quality of surveys used to locate drill holes (collar and down-
hole surveys), trenches, mine workings and other locations used in
Mineral Resource estimation.
• Specification of the grid system used.
• Quality and adequacy of topographic control. |  |  | • 655 rock-chip samples have been collected for a total of 99 traverses (i.e.
amphibolites analyzed).
• Sample locations were measured using a handheld GPS. Coordinates were
recorded using the GDA94 / MGA zone 54 grid system.
• |  | 
Data spacing and
distribution |  |  | • Data spacing for reporting of Exploration Results.
• Whether the data spacing and distribution is sufficient to establish the
degree of geological and grade continuity appropriate for the Mineral
Resource and Ore Reserve estimation procedure(s) and classifications
applied.
• Whether sample compositing has been applied. |  |  | • A minimum of 4-5 samples were to be collected for intrusives of apparent
thickness <10m.
• Sample spacing along a traverse was to ensure equidistance between
consecutive samples. To do so, once every traverse was oriented, a
measuring tape would be laid out from contact to contact, and every
sample’s ‘apparent height’ within the intrusive was recorded. |  | 
Orientation of data
in relation to
geological structure |  |  | • Whether the orientation of sampling achieves unbiased sampling of
possible structures and the extent to which this is known, considering the
deposit type.
• If the relationship between the drilling orientation and the orientation of
key mineralised structures is considered to have introduced a sampling
bias, this should be assessed and reported if material. |  |  | • Traverses were oriented using a compass such that the traverse axis is
orthogonal to the strike of the intrusive unit.
• Structural measurements (i.e. foliation, contact, etc.) were recorded for
every traverse. A minimum of 2 structural measurements was set per
traverse.
• Using the strike/dip of both contacts, a true thickness of every
amphibolite sample was calculated. Further, every ‘apparent height’
measurement of a sample was subsequently converted to a ‘true height’. |  | 
Sample security |  |  | • The measures taken to ensure sample security. |  |  | • 10-15 bagged samples would be contained within labelled poly-weave
sacks. At the end of every sample collection day, the poly-weave sacks
would be stored at the gated and secure premises of Aussam Geotechnical
Services in Broken Hill. |  | 
Audits or reviews |  |  | • The results of any audits or reviews of sampling techniques and data. |  |  | • NA. |  | 

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | JORC Code explanation |  |  |  | 
Mineral tenement and land
tenure status |  |  | • Type, reference name/number, location and ownership
including agreements or material issues with third parties
such as joint ventures, partnerships, overriding royalties,
native title interests, historical sites, wilderness or
national park and environmental settings.
• The security of the tenure held at the time of reporting
along with any known impediments to obtaining a licence
to operate in the area. |  |  | • Rock-chip samples have been collected within the following IPT (holding
company “Siouville Pty Ltd”) Exploration Licences: EL8636, EL9036,
EL7390, EL8234, EL9384. All exploration licences are 100% IPT owned. |  | 
Exploration done by other
parties |  |  | • Acknowledgment and appraisal of exploration by other
parties. |  |  | • NA. |  | 
Geology |  |  | • Deposit type, geological setting and style of
mineralisation. |  |  | • The model invoked during the rock-chip sampling campaign is the
following: 1) ferrobasaltic evolution of syn-tectonic shallow-crustal
magmas, 2) intrusion/extrusion into/unto basin sequences; 3) copper-
affinity linked to intrusives most reflective of ‘ferrobasaltic’
characteristics, 4) post-emplacement concentration/remobilization of
copper into favourable structural domains. |  | 
Drill hole Information |  |  | • A summary of all information material to the
understanding of the exploration results including a
tabulation of the following information for all Material
drill holes:
• easting and northing of the drill hole collar
• elevation or RL (Reduced Level – elevation above sea level
in metres) of the drill hole collar
• dip and azimuth of the hole
• down hole length and interception depth
• hole length.
• If the exclusion of this information is justified on the basis
that the information is not Material and this exclusion
does not detract from the understanding of the report,
the Competent Person should clearly explain why this is
the case. |  |  | • NA. |  | 

Criteria JORC Code explanation
Data aggregation methods • In reporting Exploration Results, weighting averaging • No aggregation required nor used for tabulation of rock-chip assay
techniques, maximum and/or minimum grade results.
truncations (e.g. cutting of high grades) and cut-off
grades are usually Material and should be stated.
• Where aggregate intercepts incorporate short lengths of
high-grade results and longer lengths of low grade
results, the procedure used for such aggregation should
be stated and some typical examples of such
aggregations should be shown in detail.
• The assumptions used for any reporting of metal
equivalent values should be clearly stated.
Relationship between • These relationships are particularly important in the • NA.
mineralisation widths and reporting of Exploration Results.
intercept lengths
• If the geometry of the mineralisation with respect to the
drill hole angle is known, its nature should be reported.
• If it is not known and only the down hole lengths are
reported, there should be a clear statement to this effect
(eg ‘down hole length, true width not known’).
Diagrams • Appropriate maps and sections (with scales) and • NA.
tabulations of intercepts should be included for any
significant discovery being reported These should include,
but not be limited to a plan view of drill hole collar
locations and appropriate sectional views.
Balanced reporting • Where comprehensive reporting of all Exploration Results • NA.
is not practicable, representative reporting of both low
and high grades and/or widths should be practiced to
avoid misleading reporting of Exploration Results.
Other substantive • Other exploration data, if meaningful and material, • NA.
exploration data should be reported including (but not limited to):
geological observations; geophysical survey results;
geochemical survey results; bulk samples – size and
method of treatment; metallurgical test results; bulk
density, groundwater, geotechnical and rock
characteristics; potential deleterious or contaminating
substances.
Further work • The nature and scale of planned further work (eg tests for • NA.
lateral extensions or depth extensions or large-scale step-
out drilling).
• Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of possible
extensions, including the main geological interpretations
and future drilling areas, provided this information is not
commercially sensitive.
ASX:IPT | ABN 52 119 062 261

TABLE:
 | Criteria |  |  | JORC Code explanation |  |  |  | 
Data aggregation methods |  |  | • In reporting Exploration Results, weighting averaging
techniques, maximum and/or minimum grade
truncations (e.g. cutting of high grades) and cut-off
grades are usually Material and should be stated.
• Where aggregate intercepts incorporate short lengths of
high-grade results and longer lengths of low grade
results, the procedure used for such aggregation should
be stated and some typical examples of such
aggregations should be shown in detail.
• The assumptions used for any reporting of metal
equivalent values should be clearly stated. |  |  | • No aggregation required nor used for tabulation of rock-chip assay
results. |  | 
Relationship between
mineralisation widths and
intercept lengths |  |  | • These relationships are particularly important in the
reporting of Exploration Results.
• If the geometry of the mineralisation with respect to the
drill hole angle is known, its nature should be reported.
• If it is not known and only the down hole lengths are
reported, there should be a clear statement to this effect
(eg ‘down hole length, true width not known’). |  |  | • NA. |  | 
Diagrams |  |  | • Appropriate maps and sections (with scales) and
tabulations of intercepts should be included for any
significant discovery being reported These should include,
but not be limited to a plan view of drill hole collar
locations and appropriate sectional views. |  |  | • NA. |  | 
Balanced reporting |  |  | • Where comprehensive reporting of all Exploration Results
is not practicable, representative reporting of both low
and high grades and/or widths should be practiced to
avoid misleading reporting of Exploration Results. |  |  | • NA. |  | 
Other substantive
exploration data |  |  | • Other exploration data, if meaningful and material,
should be reported including (but not limited to):
geological observations; geophysical survey results;
geochemical survey results; bulk samples – size and
method of treatment; metallurgical test results; bulk
density, groundwater, geotechnical and rock
characteristics; potential deleterious or contaminating
substances. |  |  | • NA. |  | 
Further work |  |  | • The nature and scale of planned further work (eg tests for
lateral extensions or depth extensions or large-scale step-
out drilling).
• Diagrams clearly highlighting the areas of possible
extensions, including the main geological interpretations
and future drilling areas, provided this information is not
commercially sensitive. |  |  | • NA. |  | 

