A
A S
S
X A
X
N N
:
O
I
U
V
N C
R
E M E N T
1 April 2025
Strategic Earn-In to High Grade Silver Project
Adjacent to Paris Deposit
Highlights:
• Earn-In to Joint Venture with Alliance Resources’ Black Hill tenement (EL6475).
• Black Hill has historic high grade silver drill intersections at the “Sunday Iron” prospect,
located 11km along trend from Investigator’s Paris Deposit and 6km from the Manto silver
discovery where recent silver was intersected and reported on 31 March, 2025.
• Sunday Iron was drilled in 2013 with former ASX listed Trafford Resources Ltd reporting1:
– 5m @ 493g/t silver from 71m; including 1m @ 950g/t silver from 72m in hole
12BWRC020.
• The Sunday Iron silver intersection and other historically reported silver occurrences within
the tenement have not been followed up since initial discovery.
• Investigator’s team will rapidly progress the under explored region using experience gained
from Paris’ discovery and development.
• Investigator will undertake a tenement-wide review of prospective targets prior to initial drill
testing.
Investigator Resources Limited (ASX: IVR, “Investigator” or the “Company”) is pleased to report
that it has entered into an Earn-In Heads of Agreement with unlisted Alliance Resources Pty Ltd
(Alliance), through Alliance’s wholly owned subsidiary Alliance (Eyre) Pty Ltd, over the Black Hill
tenement (EL6475), which is immediately adjacent to Investigator’s Peterlumbo tenement
(EL6347), which hosts the Paris Silver Project, in South Australia.
1 - As reported to ASX by Trafford Resources on 13 June 2013 – “High Grade Silver Discovery at Black Hill”

ASX Release – Investigator Earn-In to Alliance tenement 1 April 2025
Commenting on the agreement, Investigator’s Acting Managing Director, Andrew Shearer said:
“As part of an evaluation of the regional exploration potential Investigator’s geological team high-
lighted the opportunity to the southeast of Paris, within a defined geological trend, incorporating
the recently discovered Manto prospect.
“Trafford Resources Ltd explored the region in 2011–2013 targeting banded iron ore formations,
and despite reporting significant silver intercepts, little follow up exploration was undertaken.
“Investigator believes that the area remains under-explored and offers potential.
“Both Investigator and current tenement holder Alliance have existing compatible development
projects within the region and are committed to the best ways to leverage the exploration potential
of the area, and this tenement.
“The deal with Alliance offers a simple mechanism for Investigator to evaluate the potential for
silver-lead-zinc mineralisation of scale that would directly add value to the Paris project, whilst
preserving Alliance’s interests in other minerals.
“It further allows for a defined Earn-In to Joint Venture pathway should the potential that exists for
substantial silver mineralisation be realised.
“I look forward to a collaborative working arrangement with Alliance to build value within the region
and for both companies”.
Commenting on the agreement, Alliance’s Chairman, Ian Gandel said:
“It is a pleasure to be forming this working relationship with Investigator, which is a logical collab-
oration across two projects on our neighbouring exploration licences.
“Investigator will have Alliance’s full support as it follows up on historical high-grade silver drilling
intersections, to explore the regional potential of, and maximise value towards, its Paris project.
“Alliance looks forward to working with the Investigator team towards mutually beneficial out-
comes for both companies, the communities of the Eyre Peninsula and South Australia”.
Page | 2

ASX Release – Investigator Earn-In to Alliance tenement 1 April 2025
Figure 1: Investigator’s Eyre Peninsula tenements with strategic earn in Black Hill tenement (EL6475) and Sunday
Iron prospect shown southeast of Paris.
Overview
The agreement provides Investigator with an opportunity to leverage from our significant experi-
ence gained from the discovery and resource definition at Paris to explore in a region that remains
highly prospective for silver. Historic exploration on Black Hill has focussed on a range of metals
with the most recent being iron ore in 2006 to 2013 by Trafford Resources Ltd/Iron Clad Mining
Ltd.
In 2013 Trafford re-assayed selected intervals from 2012 drilling undertaken at the Sunday Iron
Prospect, as prior analysis was limited to the major elements associated with iron ore. This re-
assaying returned an outstanding result from hole 12BWRC020, which included 5m@ 493g/t
silver between 71 and 76m, in addition to 3m @ 71g/t silver between 82 and 85m depth2. Addi-
tional intervals from 12BWRC020 were sent to Bureau Veritas laboratories for analysis, however
no further reporting of results occurred.
In late 2013, Trafford drilled 3 follow up RC holes, these holes were reported as compromised
due to drilling conditions at the time. Post 2014 Trafford’s corporate strategy shifted from the area
with no further follow up drilling undertaken.
The discovery of the Manto Prospect, as announced by Investigator to the ASX on 31 March 2025
(Drilling Results from Greater Paris Silver Project), located 6km northwest of Sunday Iron has
shifted Investigator’s exploration to the southwest in the Paris mineralised corridor (Figure 2),
which now includes the Sunday Iron Prospect.
2 - As reported to ASX by Trafford Resources on 13 June 2013 – “High Grade Silver Discovery at Black Hill”
Page | 3

ASX Release – Investigator Earn-In to Alliance tenement 1 April 2025
Figure 2: Total Magnetic Intensity (RTP) image showing location of Investigator prospects within EL6347 and pro-
spects within Alliance EL6475, including Sunday Iron 11km SE of Paris.
Black Hill (EL6475) History
Prior to Alliance’s acquisition of the Black Hill tenement, there had been various indications of
potential mineralisation including:
• Stockdale/Shell undertook exploration for base metal sulphides of Broken Hill type under
a 1980s joint venture. Work identified calc silicates and low-level anomalism in silver, lead,
zinc and gold in a number of rock chips.
• Billiton (1984) undertook RAB drilling in the tenement to assess magnetic trends with
weathered calc silicates and some isolated elevations in copper, lead and zinc identified.
• A Billiton/WMC joint venture in 1986 saw work limited to electromagnetic surveying.
• Aberfoyle Resources (1989 - 1996) acquired the licence and focussed work on the Oxys
Dam prospect located southeast of Sunday Iron, in addition to the historic Death Adder
prospect located in the far east of the tenement area. Drilling at both prospects encoun-
tered low level anomalism in silver and other base metals.
• MIM/Aberfoyle joint venture (1996 -1997) saw work primarily focussed in the east of the
tenement at the Death Adder prospect, with additional soil sampling and a number of RC
drillholes.
• Acacia Metals (1997 – 2002) undertook calcrete geochemistry with a number of gold anom-
alies identified including at Oxy’s Dam and Death Adder, amongst other targets.
• Aquila Resources (2002 – 2006) undertook IOCG style exploration focussed on gravity
data. Drilling also occurred at Oxy’s dam and possibly in the vicinity of Sunday Iron with
no reports of gold anomalism and holes reported as ending in volcanics (no logs and as-
says for this work program have yet been found).
Page | 4

ASX Release – Investigator Earn-In to Alliance tenement 1 April 2025
Sunday Iron Prospect
• Trafford Resources Ltd/IronClad Mining Ltd (Trafford) (2006 – 2016) undertook exploration
focussed on gravity and magnetic highs with a principal interest in testing for banded iron
formation in order to add value to their Wilcherry Iron project located east of the tenement.
• Drilling of numerous prospects with shallow RAB in 2012 encountered anomalous silver,
copper and gold in a small number of holes.
• Work at Sunday Iron was focussed on testing a magnetic high which was interpreted to be
part of the Middleback Subgroup and had associated float and lag sampling of iron grades
up to 68% iron. A single drillhole 12BWRC019 intersected what was logged as a siliceous,
carbonate hosted calc silicate interpreted to be of Middleback Subgroup with selective re-
placement of carbonate facies via supergene alteration and hematite enrichment of be-
tween 50 and 60% Fe. This hole saw the initiation of a greater number of holes in the area
to test the prospect to the west and at depth for iron potential.
• In 2013 Trafford re-assayed selected intervals of the 2012 drilling at the Sunday Iron Pro-
spect because prior analysis was limited to major elements associated with iron. This
program of re-assay of hole 12BWRC020 returned an outstanding result3 which included:
o 5m@ 493g/t silver between 71 and 76m in addition to 3m @ 71g/t silver between
82 and 85m depth.
It is significant that Trafford reported these results as selective, noting that the interval
between 76m and 82m had not been sampled and assayed, nor had the interval above or
below the intersections listed in Figure 3 below.
Figure 3: Significant 1m assays at Sunday Iron prospect as reported to the ASX by Trafford on 13 June
2013 (extracted from original ASX release)
3 - As reported to ASX by Trafford Resources on 13 June 2013 – “High Grade Silver Discovery at Black Hill”
Page | 5

ASX Release – Investigator Earn-In to Alliance tenement 1 April 2025
The silver results were interpreted by Trafford to be associated with a skarn system similar
to mineralisation at their Wilcherry Hill project to the east of the tenement. They noted that
geophysical modelling showed a substantial magnetic anomaly at shallow depth which had
been inadequately tested at the time.
Trafford also noted encouraging silver mineralisation to the southeast of Sunday Iron
where a 2012 RAB hole (12BHRB002) returned 1m @65g/t silver from 41m depth.
Trafford reported that additional intervals from 12BWRC020 were sent to Bureau Veritas
laboratories for analysis, however no reporting of results occurred.
Following the announcement of results, Trafford planned a follow up program of 9 RC drill-
holes with three holes reported as attempted and abandoned due to adverse drilling con-
ditions and poor sample return. None of these holes reached target depth and the program
was abandoned to be continued in 2014 with a more suitable drill rig4. Despite being an
unsuccessful program, samples were assayed and have shown anomalism in silver. How-
ever, these samples are not considered reliable given their reported sample quality.
The planned revised program of work in 2014 at Sunday Iron did not eventuate apparently
due to Trafford having other priorities at the time.
• Alliance (from 2016) acquired the tenement as part of entering into a joint venture with
Trafford over the Wilcherry project and associated tenements and assumed management
control. Whilst being prospective, Alliance’s primary focus has been on the Weednanna
gold project (Wilcherry Hill) to the east of the tenement.
Alliance is of the view that the Black Hill tenement remains prospective for other minerals,
and has retained its rights to all minerals apart from silver, lead and zinc, whilst offering
Investigator the opportunity to assess, and take best advantage of any potential silver, lead
and zinc mineralisation which could enhance Investigator’s Paris Silver Project.
Summary of Heads of Agreement Terms
• 3-Stage Earn-In to Joint Venture with Alliance:
• Stage 1 – “Option Period”:
• Expenditure of $500k on in-ground exploration over 2 years before entering
Stage 2.
• If $500k is not spent on in-ground exploration within 2 years, the agreement
lapses.
• No project interest earned at the satisfactory completion of Stage 1.
• Stage 2:
• Expenditure of a further $500k over a further 1 year to earn a 49% interest in the
Joint Venture and before entering Stage 3.
• On formation of the 49:51 Joint Venture, Investigator to issue $500k worth of
IVR shares at a 15 day VWAP.
4 As reported to ASX by Trafford Resources 27 November 2013 – Exploration Update Wilcherry Hill South Australia
Page | 6

ASX Release – Investigator Earn-In to Alliance tenement 1 April 2025
• If the $500k is not spent on in-ground exploration within 1 year of the commence-
ment of Stage 2, the agreement lapses.
• Stage 3:
• From the completion of Stage 2, Investigator be solely responsible for funding
all expenditure and development until the Joint Venture is awarded a mining or
retention lease.
• Upon grant of the lease, Investigator will earn an additional 31% interest in the
Joint Venture for a total of 80% Joint Venture interest.
• Following the commencement of Stage 3, Alliance has the right to sell its stake
in the Joint Venture to Investigator at a value determined by an independent
valuer mutually selected by the parties.
• Consideration for the Alliance stake will be paid for through the issue of IVR
shares (to a maximum of 15% of the Company) and any balance as a capped
1% NSR over production.
• During the Earn-In period, Alliance must maintain the tenements in good standing.
• Other terms and conditions of the Heads of Agreement are considered standard for this
type of transaction.
About Alliance
Alliance is an unlisted private company, associated with Mr Ian Gandel, a mining entrepreneur,
with a significant tenement holding in the vicinity of Investigator’s Paris Project, in addition to
tenements in Western Australia. Alliance is currently focussed on the development of their
Weednanna gold and iron ore mining operation, north of Kimba, where an application for a Mining
Licence has been lodged with the SA Department for Energy and Mining and is in the process of
being assessed.
For and on behalf of the board.
Andrew Shearer
Acting Managing Director
For more information:
Andrew Shearer Peter Taylor
Managing Director Media & Investor Relations
Investigator Resources Ltd NWR Communications
+ 61 (0) 8 7325 2222 + 61 (0) 412 036 231
ashearer@investres.com.au peter@nwrcommunications.com.au
Page | 7

ASX Release – Investigator Earn-In to Alliance tenement 1 April 2025
About Investigator Resources
Investigator Resources Limited (ASX: IVR) is a metals explorer with a focus on the opportunities for silver-lead, copper-gold and
other metal discoveries. Investors are encouraged to stay up to date with Investigator’s news and announcements by registering
their interest here: https://investres.com.au/enews-updates/
Capital Structure (as at 28 March 2025) Directors & Management
Shares on issue 1,588,879,574 Dr Richard Hillis Non-Exec. Chair
Unlisted Options 26,500,000 Mr Andrew McIlwain Executive Director
Top 20 shareholders 30,04% Mr Andrew Shearer Acting Managing Director
Total number of shareholders 5,460 Ms Anita Addorisio CFO & Company Secretary
The information in this announcement relating to exploration results is based on information compiled by Mr. Jason Murray who
is a full-time employee of the company. Mr. Murray is a member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists. Mr. Murray has
sufficient experience of relevance to the styles of mineralisation and the types of deposits under consideration, and to the activities
undertaken, to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Joint Ore Reserves Committee (JORC)
Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. Mr. Murray consents to the inclu-
sion in this report of the matters based on information in the form and context in which it appears.
This ASX release references the following historic ASX document which reports assay results at the Sunday Iron prospect located
within EL6475. Investigator have not verified the accuracy of data presented in the referenced release and rely on the competent
person declaration made at the time of its release in 2013. Investigator will as part of initial option to Earn-In work seek to verify
the intersections quoted and ascertain whether any further results may be present that may provide further confidence.
All other reports of historic exploration has been gathered from open file geological reports for the area and do not reference
significant results and should be regarded for the purposes of background information only.
Referenced Releases:
ASX release: Trafford Resources 13 June 2013 – High Grade Silver Discovery at Black Hill
Page | 8

TABLE:
Investigator Resources Limited (ASX: IVR) is a metals explorer with a focus on the opportunities for silver-lead, copper-gold and
other metal discoveries. Investors are encouraged to stay up to date with Investigator’s news and announcements by registering
their interest here: https://investres.com.au/enews-updates/


