Increasing landholding for Challenger West Project
South Australia
ASX Release – 2nd September 2024
Highlights
• Granting of EL 7012 increases Challenger West project to 1,858km2.
Taiton Resources Limited (“T88”, “Taiton” or “the Company”) is pleased to
announce the granting of EL 7012 at the Challenger West projects in South
Australia (Figure 1).
Figure 1: Location of Challenger West projects in South Australia.
The granting of EL7012 has effectively doubled Taiton’s landholding in the
highly prospective broader Challenger area for gold to 1,858km2. Taiton
identified the Challenger West project based initially on the position of gravity

highs found in the same basement terrane setting as the Challenger deposit
(Figure 1.) The gravity image also highlights potential paleochannels in the
northern area which may offer potential for other commodities including
uranium and REE.
Figure 1. Taiton tenements including recently granted EL7012 underlain by gravity
image. Note position of Challenger deposit within the shadow (reddish / orange)
of a gravity anomaly (magenta) and comparable response within Taiton
tenements.
The granting of EL7012 will able Taiton to continue to explore along strike from
interpreted north-northeast trending structures where Taiton recently
identified gold in soil anomalism* over an additional strike >5 km (Figure 2).

Taiton will look to implement field reconnaissance exploration programmes
including extending soil sampling programmes along interpreted structures
from prospect Area 1 along with multiple interpreted parallel structures with
strike lengths >10km (Figure 2).
Figure 2. Preliminary structure interpretation highlighting recent Au in soil
anomalism* underlain RTP 1VD magnetic image.
In the immediate term Taiton will look to complete soil sampling programme
across a high priority target immediately West of the recently identified gold
in soil anomalism (Figure 3). This target is defined as area with notable quartz

float coincident to a junction of interpreted north-northeast trending
structures.
Figure 3. High priority target within EL 7012.
Reference
* ASX Release – 21st August 2024, Discovery of Gold Prospects at Challenger West and
Epithermal Ag-Au Potential at Highway Projects, South Australia.

Executive Director Noel Ong commented:
“The grant of EL 7012 is great timing as Taiton makes its plans for the
maiden drilling program at Challenger West in the coming months.
The addition of EL 7012 gives the exploration team now, the ability to
extend and see the continuation of our prospectivity from our latest
results. The recent results show that the Ultrafine sampling works.
The additional excitement for Taiton is that the results clearly correlate
with the coincidence to our interpreted structures and geological
interpretation. The exploration team can confidently apply these steps to
other regions in our Challenger West tenements.
Abundant quartz and iron rich floats observed with shearing structures in
limited outcrops and the presence of the wide outcropping quartz vein
creates the presence of a mineralising environment.
With this in mind, we look forward to upcoming work which may unlock
the hidden mineral wealth of the Challenger district. These are exciting
times for the company, and we will persist with our exploration to create
value to shareholders.”
This announcement has been approved for release by the Executive
Directors.
For further information please contact:
Noel Ong
Executive Director
E: noel.ong@taiton.com.au
P: +61 (3) 8648 6431

COMPETENT PERSON STATEMENT
The information in this report that relates to exploration results and geological data
for the Challenger West Project is based on information generated and compiled by
Shane Tomlinson, who is a member of the Australian Institute of Geoscientists (AIG)
and a consultant to Taiton Resources Limited.
Shane Tomlinson has sufficient experience that is relevant to the styles of
mineralisation and types of deposits under consideration and to the activities being
undertaken to qualify as Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the
“Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves”. Mr Tomlinson consents to the inclusion in this announcement of the
matters based on this information in the form and context in which it appears.
FORWARD LOOKING INFORMATION:
This announcement contains forward-looking statements. Wherever possible, words
such as “intends”, “expects”, “scheduled”, “estimates”, “anticipates”, “believes”, and
similar expressions or statements that certain actions, events or results “may”, “could”,
“would”, “might” or “will” be taken, occur or be achieved, have been used to identify
these forward-looking statements.
Although the forward-looking statements contained in this announcement reflect
management’s current beliefs based upon information currently available to
management and based upon what management believes to be reasonable
assumptions, Taiton cannot be certain that actual results will be consistent with these
forward-looking statements. A number of factors could cause events and
achievements to differ materially from the results expressed or implied in the forward-
looking statements. These factors should be considered carefully and prospective
investors should not place undue reliance on the forward-looking statements.
Forward-looking statements necessarily involve significant known and unknown
risks, assumptions and uncertainties that may cause actual results, events, prospects
and opportunities to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such
forward-looking statements. Although Taiton has attempted to identify important

risks and factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially
from those described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors and
risks that cause actions, events or results not to be anticipated, estimated or intended,
including those risk factors discussed in Taiton's public filings.
There can be no assurance that the forward-looking statements will prove to be
accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those
anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, prospective investors should not place
undue reliance on forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statements are
made as of the date of this announcement, and Taiton assumes no obligation to
update or revise them to reflect new events or circumstances, unless otherwise
required by law.
About Taiton Resources Limited
Taiton Resources Limited (ASX: T88) is an early-stage mineral exploration and
development company with a portfolio of projects across New South Wales, South
Australia and Western Australia, comprising the following:
a) Kingsgate High Purity Quartz Project – total tenement land holding of 294.1 sq
km, located in New South Wales;
b) Highway Project – total tenement land holding of 2,930 sq km, located in South
Australia;
c) Challenger West Project – total tenement land holding of 1,858 sq km in South
Australia ; and
d) Lake Barlee Project – total tenement land holding of 668.7 sq km and application
for additional 192.2 sq km of new tenement, both located in Western Australia.

Taiton Resources Limited (ASX: T88) project locations.

