13 August 2024
COMPLETION OF AUSTRALIAN URANIUM AND RARE
EARTH ELEMENT PROJECT PORTFOLIO TRANSACTION
Lithium Plus Minerals Limited (ASX: LPM) (LPM, Lithium Plus or the Company) is pleased to
announce the completion of the transaction to acquire two complementary uranium and rare earth
element (REE) projects in the Northern Territory (NT) and northern New South Wales (NSW)
(Transaction). This follows the conclusion of due diligence into the uranium and REE projects and
the satisfaction of all required conditions, including the consolidation of LPM’s Moonlight Project into
Moonlight Resources Pty Ltd (ACN 678 095 273) (Moonlight Resources), which was established
by LPM to acquire the uranium and REE projects in NT and NSW. A summary of the transaction
structure to effect the Transaction is set out on page 5.
KEY TRANSACTION OUTCOMES
+ Enhanced asset portfolio: Creates a complementary portfolio of Australian uranium and
REE critical mineral projects, significantly enhancing LPM's existing project base.
+ Focus on MacDonnell Ranges: The MacDonnell Ranges Uranium Project (NT) is located
in a region renowned for its high-grade uranium deposits and is set to be the primary focus
of future exploration for Moonlight Resources.
+ Management and funding: Finalisation of Moonlight Resources' board and management
composition to occur in parallel with the ongoing evaluation of subsidiary-level third-party
funding options.
+ Lithium focus: Structure enables LPM's core corporate focus to remain on
commercialisation activities for the Lei Discovery and targeted, cost-effective exploration to
deliver new lithium discoveries.
Commenting on the transaction, Executive Chairman, Dr Bin Guo, said:
“The completion of this acquisition is an important milestone for Lithium Plus as it provides our
shareholders with diversified exposure to uranium and rare earth element exploration. The
MacDonnell Ranges Uranium Project, in particular provides a substantial opportunity given its
location in Australia's premier uranium mining jurisdiction.
That being said, our core focus remains on the advancement and commercialisation of our Lei
Deposit while simultaneously undertaking exploration drilling at our four large, high-priority
pegmatite systems.
The 2024 field season has kicked off, beginning with RAB drilling across our tenement package,
initially targeting our Perseverance, Jewellers, Jewellers Extended, and Jennys prospect areas.
Level 6, 22 Pitt Street, Sydney NSW Australia
+61 2 8029 0666
info@lithiumplus.com.au
ABN 88 653 574 219
lithiumplus.com.au

Our aim is to rapidly deliver multiple new lithium discoveries utilising our existing geological model,
in combination with the RAB results to identify and refine drill targets ahead of the upcoming 3,000-
metre reverse circulation drilling program.”
CONSOLIDATED URANIUM AND REE PORTFOLIO
Moonlight Resources was established to acquire the priority MacDonnell Ranges Uranium Project
in the NT and the Fox Hill REE Project in NSW, and to consolidate LPM’s existing Moonlight
tenements in the NT into a single portfolio of complementary uranium and REE projects. Moonlight
Resources' total tenement area includes 1,907 km² of uranium prospectivity close to Alice Springs,
NT (refer to Figure 1 below). Prior to completion of the Transaction, Moonlight Resources was a
wholly owned subsidiary of LPM. Post-completion of the Transaction, Lithium Plus holds a 50%
interest in Moonlight Resources alongside the vendors of the uranium and REE tenements– see the
transaction summary on page 5 below.
MacDonnell Ranges Project
The MacDonnell Ranges Project tenements (EL33018, EL33019, EL33057 and EL33058) cover a
combined area of approximately 1,800 km2 centred on the northern foothills of the west MacDonnell
Ranges approximately 120 km west-northwest of Alice Springs along the Tanami Highway. The
tenure was originally held by Crosslands Uranium Mines Limited and was subjected to limited early-
stage exploration between 2008 and 2013.
The Project tenements lie within the Central Province of the Arunta Block, targeting exposures of the
regionally significant 1,150 – 1,130 Ma uranium-rich Teapot Granite Complex. The Teapot Granite
Complex, which outcrops extensively in the region, is a highly fractionated, enriched granitoid, with
an anomalously high uranium content. The granite has high potential for both disseminated/vein
granite-hosted mineralisation and as secondary sedimentary deposits.
Moonlight Project
The Moonlight Project is located approximately 200 km northeast of Alice Springs within the Harts
Range Pegmatite Field located on the eastern side of the Entia Dome. The Moonlight prospect area
encompasses the remnants of numerous historic mica workings and outcropping pegmatites that
have yet to be tested for lithium, uranium and REE. Previous exploration within the broader
pegmatite field has identified multiple occurrences of REE and uranium mineralisation, specifically
Samarskite and Euxenite, within a series of highly fractionated and radioactive pegmatites along with
associated quartz veins. Pegmatites in the Harts Range region, appear to be analogous to the
Niobium-Yttrium-Fluorine type (NYF-type) pegmatites which are often enriched in Be, Sn, B, Nb >
Ta, Ti, Y and REE, Zr, Th, U, Sc and F, but depleted in Li and Cs and Rb.
Fox Hill Clay REE Project
The Fox Hill Project tenements (EL 9554 and EL 9563) cover a combined area of 200 km2, centred
approximately 20 km north of Inverell, in northern NSW (refer to Figure 2).
The project area contains extensive exposures of strongly weathered basalt lavas of the Inverell and
Mount Russell volcanics (part of the Cenozoic age Delungra Volcanic Suite) and hosts common
bauxite deposits within well-developed clay profiles.
Page 2 of 8

Figure 1: Location of Northern Territory Uranium Tenements.
Page 3 of 8

Figure 2: Location of Fox Hill Clay Ree Project
Page 4 of 8

TRANSACTION SUMMARY
On 12 June 2024, Lithium Plus announced it had entered into a binding term sheet to acquire four
tenements in the NT from GS Metals Pty Ltd (ACN 654 797 878) (GSM) and two tenements in
northern NSW near Inverell from Double Eagle Resources Pty Ltd (ACN 657 511 683) (DER). The
tenements are prospective for uranium and REE, with newly incorporated Moonlight Resources
established to consolidate them with its existing Moonlight Project. Refer to Schedule 1 for full details
of vendors and tenements.
Lithium Plus executed a share sale agreement with the shareholders of DER, the shareholders of
GSM and Moonlight Resources, under which Moonlight Resources acquired all the shares in DER
and GSM.
LPM completed a full due diligence investigation into DER and GSM and their respective projects.
No regulatory approvals were required for the acquisition of the DER and GSM tenements.
Lithium Plus also executed a tenement sale agreement with Moonlight Resources to effect the
transfer of LPM’s Moonlight Project to Moonlight Resources. Lithium Plus and Moonlight Resources
are in the process of arranging for the lodgement of the Moonlight Project tenement transfer forms
(together with any other necessary supporting documentation) with the department that has
responsibility for the administration of the Mineral Titles Act 2010 (NT) for the purposes of registering
the transfer of the Moonlight Project to Moonlight Resources.
Transaction
Step One
+ On 2 August 2024, Lithium Plus transferred its Moonlight Project (EL31214) into its newly
incorporated wholly owned subsidiary in exchange for the: (i) issuance of 17,233,700 ordinary
shares in Moonlight Resources at an issue price per share of A$0.02; and (ii) Moonlight
Resources executing the Royalty Deed (as defined below).
+ Lithium Plus retained an interest in any lithium mined at the Moonlight Project in the form of a
1% royalty on the proceeds from all sales of lithium or lithium bearing pegmatite, which will be
payable once a quarter. This arrangement was formalised into a royalty deed executed by
Lithium Plus and Moonlight Resources on 2 August 2024 (Royalty Deed).
Step Two
+ On 9 August 2024, Moonlight Resources acquired a 100% interest in the DER tenements
(EL9554 and EL9563) and the GSM tenements (EL33018, EL33019, EL33057 and EL33058)
by acquiring all of the shares held by the shareholders in DER and GSM (Sellers) respectively,
in consideration for:
– Moonlight Resources paying A$100,000 in cash to the Sellers, allocated to each of
them in proportion to their respective shareholdings in DER and GSM (Relevant
Proportions);
– LPM issuing 500,000 fully paid ordinary shares to the Sellers, allocated to them in the
Relevant Proportions. The shares issued are subject to a 12-month voluntary escrow;
– LPM issuing 500,000 unlisted options, exercisable at $0.30 each and expiring 3 years
after their issue, to the Sellers, allocated to them in the Relevant Proportions. Shares
issued by LPM as a result of a Seller exercising an option are subject to a 12-month
Page 5 of 8

voluntary escrow. The options were issued on customary terms considered appropriate
for a transaction of this nature; and
– Moonlight Resources issuing 17,233,800 ordinary shares to the Sellers, allocated to
them in the Relevant Proportions. After such issuance, the Sellers collectively hold
50% of the issued ordinary shares in Moonlight Resources and LPM was diluted to hold
the remaining 50% of the issued ordinary shares in Moonlight Resources.
+ Moonlight Resources used funds received from LPM to pay the A$100,000 cash component of
the consideration to the Sellers.
+ In addition to the abovementioned sale agreements, a new constitution, and a shareholders
deed, was put in place for Moonlight Resources.
+ All the transaction documents are on customary terms which are appropriate for a transaction
of this nature, and include a customary set of warranties and indemnities from each Seller in
favour of LPM and Moonlight Resources.
+ In terms of the constitutional documents of Moonlight Resources, LPM has a right to appoint
three directors to the Moonlight Resources Board and the Sellers, collectively, are entitled to
appoint two directors to the Moonlight Resources board.
Page 6 of 8

SCHEDULE 1: VENDORS
GS Metals Pty Ltd
GS Metals Pty Ltd (GS Metals) was established to acquire prospective uranium tenure in the NT
and secured the MacDonnell Ranges Project tenements.
Neighbours of the GS Metals Uranium Project include:
+ Charleys Creek (418Mt@289ppm REE)
+ Napperby (9.54Mt @ 382ppm U3O8) and
+ Angela (10.7Mt @ 0.13% U3O8).
The NT has a long history of uranium mining and has some of Australia’s most significant and
highest-grade uranium deposits.
Double Eagle Resources Pty Ltd
Double Eagle Resources Pty Ltd (Double Eagle Resources) was founded for the purpose of
acquiring prospective REE tenure in NSW and secured the Fox Hill clay REE project.
Table 1: Vendors and tenement references
Vendors ACN Tenement Tenement location Interest
reference
GS Metals Pty Ltd ACN 654 797 878 EL33018 Northwest of 100%
(tenement holder) EL33019 Alice Springs, NT 100%
EL33057 100%
EL33058 100%
Bronzewing Holdings Pty Ltd ACN 609 354 609 held 50%
(shareholder) of the
issued
ordinary
shares
Elite Consulting & Advisory ACN 652 635 419 held 50%
Services Pty Ltd (shareholder) of the
issued
ordinary
shares
Double Eagle Resources Pty Ltd ACN 657 511 683 EL9554 North of Inverell, NSW 100%
(tenement holder)
EL9563 100%
ZE Holdings Pty Ltd ACN 133 139 303 held 60%
(shareholder) of the
issued
ordinary
shares
Peng Sha (shareholder) held 40%
of the
issued
ordinary
shares
Page 7 of 8

TABLE:
Vendors | ACN | Tenement
reference | Tenement location | Interest

TABLE:
Tenement
reference

This announcement has been authorised for release by the Board of Lithium Plus.
Contact:
Dr Bin Guo Mr Simon Kidston
Executive Chairman Non-Executive Director
+61 02 8029 0666 +61 0414 785 009
bguo@lithiumplus.com.au skidston@lithiumplus.com.au
About Lithium Plus Minerals
Lithium Plus Minerals Limited (ASX: LPM) is an Australian Lithium exploration company with 22 tenements in the Northern
Territory grouped into the following projects:
Bynoe Lithium Project (100% LPM)
Situated on the Cox Peninsula, 45 km south of Darwin, on the
northern end of the Litchfield Pegmatite Belt, with 11 granted
tenements covering 297 km2. Geologically centred around the
Bynoe Pegmatite Field, the tenements share a border with
Core Lithium’s Finniss mine development. Significant lithium
mineralisation was discovered at Lei in 2017 within the north-
northeast trending spodumene bearing pegmatites. Current
drill ready targets are Lei, SW Cai, Cai and Perseverance.
Wingate Lithium Project (100% LPM)
Located 150km south of Darwin. this single tenement
(EL31132) covers the Wingate Mountains Pegmatite District,
the southern part of the Litchfield Pegmatite Belt. It contains
the known presence of pegmatites with little exploration and
minor historical production of tin. Historical gold workings
(Fletcher’s Gully) are present.
Arunta Lithium Projects (100% LPM)
Barrow Creek
Located in the Northern Arunta pegmatite province, 300km
north of Alice Springs. Historic tin and tantalum production
and the presence of spodumene in nearby Anningie
Pegmatite field suggest lithium potential.
Spotted Wonder
Located approx. 200km north-north-east of Alice Springs with
proven lithium mineralisation, with amblygonite present in the
Delmore Pegmatite.
Moonlight Resources (50% LPM)
Australian uranium and REE portfolio including MacDonnell
Ranges Uranium Project and the Moonlight Project in the NT,
and the Fox Hill REE Project in NSW.
Page 8 of 8

