ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
9 September 2024
Lithium Australia sells its Charger Metals shares and
interest in the Bynoe Lithium Project to Core Lithium
HIGHLIGHTS
▪ Lithium Australia has agreed to sell its remaining 7.6m shares in Charger Metals NL
(ASX:CHR) to Core Lithium Ltd. (ASX:CXO)
▪ Lithium Australia will receive 0.8 CXO shares for every 1 CHR share (Initial Ratio),
representing a consideration of A$541k (Initial Valuation), based on CXO 5 day VWAP as at 6
September 2024
▪ If Charger Metals is acquired within the next 9 months at a value in excess of the Initial
Valuation, Lithium Australia has the option to receive this takeover premium
▪ In addition, Lithium Australia has sold its remaining 30% interest in the Bynoe Lithium Project
for A$500k to Core Lithium, subjective to pre-emptive rights
▪ The disposal of our interests in Charger Metals continues the Company’s strategy of realising
value for non-core assets to fund ongoing activities
Lithium Australia Ltd (ASX:LIT) (“Lithium Australia” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce that the Company
has signed an agreement with Core Lithium Ltd. (ASX:CXO) (“Core Lithium”) to sell its remaining 7.6m shares in
Charger Metals NL (ASX:CHR) (“Charger Metals”) and its remaining 30% interest in the Bynoe Lithium Project.
Lithium Australia will receive 0.8 CXO share for every 1 CHR share, which equates to Lithium Australia receiving
~6.1m CXO shares for the remaining 7.6m Charger Metals shares held and represents a consideration of A$541k
(Initial Valuation), based on CXO’s 5 day volume weighted average trading price (VWAP) as at 6 September
2024. There is no escrow period for the CXO shares to be received by Lithium Australia, with the shares being
freely tradable immediately upon receival.
The transaction includes a Control Event clause, which allows Lithium Australia to capture any upside from a
potential qualifying takeover event for Charger Metals in the next 9 months (Control Valuation). If Charger is
acquired within this period, Lithium Australia retains the option to gain the difference between the Initial Ratio and
the Control Valuation by buying back the 7.6 million Charger Metals shares from Core Lithium at the Initial Ratio
(based on the 5 day VWAP of CXO shares at that time) and subsequently selling these shares into the successful
transaction (regardless of the acquiror), or in some circumstances, Lithium Australia may receive this difference
from Core Lithium.
Separate to the Charger Metals shares transaction, Lithium Australia has sold the remaining 30% interest in the
Bynoe Lithium Project for a A$500k cash consideration to Core Lithium, subject to Charger Metals’ pre-emptive
rights over the interest. If the pre-emptive rights are not exercised, or if the pre-emption period expires, this
transaction will be settled with a A$500k cash payment to Lithium Australia.
These transactions align with Lithium Australia’s strategic focus on its existing operations and provides balance
sheet flexibility for key growth initiatives.
Lithium Australia Limited Suite 16/17, 79-83 High Street
ASX: LIT ACN: 129 129 413 Kew, Victoria 3101
Investorhub.lithium-au.com T: +61 (0) 3 7017 2656
Page 1 of 2 lithium-au.com E: info@lithium-au.com

ASX ANNOUNCEMENT
Comment from Lithium Australia CEO and Managing Director, Simon Linge
“Divesting of non-core assets to funding our ongoing activities has been our strategy for a number of years
and we are pleased to realise value for our Charger shares and project assets.
The exchange of the Charger Metals shares into Core Lithium shares provides us with improved liquidity in
our investment holdings, which can be freely sold. In addition, our agreement with Core also allows the
Company to retain any upside on a potential Charger transaction in the near future.”
Authorised for release by the Board.
Simon Linge Stuart Tarrant
Managing Director / CEO Chief Financial Officer
Mobile +61 (0) 438 721 280 Mobile +61 (0) 467 817 005
simon.linge@lithium-au.com stuart.tarrant@lithium-au.com
Forward-looking statements
This announcement contains forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are subject to a variety of
risks and uncertainties that it is beyond the Company’s ability to control or predict and which could cause actual
events or results to differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements. Investors should
be aware that past performance should not be relied upon as being indicative of future performance.
About Lithium Australia
Lithium Australia is aiming to lead and enable the global transition to sustainable lithium production. The Company
operates Australia’s market leading battery recycler, produces critical battery material lithium ferro phosphate
(LFP), and has developed a patented lithium extraction technology. Lithium Australia’s revenue-generating
recycling business and technologies are well-placed to capitalise on growing global lithium-ion battery demand
and provides diversification benefits to global supply chains.
Lithium Australia Limited Suite 16/17, 79-83 High Street
ASX: LIT ACN: 129 129 413 Kew, Victoria 3101
Investorhub.lithium-au.com T: +61 (0) 3 7017 2656
Page 2 of 2 lithium-au.com E: info@lithium-au.com

