Level 9, 2 Mill Street T 61 8 8317 1700 ABN 80 146 287 809
Perth WA 6000 E info@corelithium.com.au ASX CXO
9 September 2024
ASX: CXO Announcement
Strategic Investment in Charger Metals and
the Bynoe Project
Summary
• Purchase of 7.6 million shares in Charger Metals from Lithium Australia, representing 9.8%
of Charger’s shares on issue
• Acquisition of a 30% free carried interest in Charger’s Bynoe Lithium Project from Lithium
Australia (which remains subject to a pre-emptive right to Charger)
• Strategic investment in exploration target within trucking distance of Core’s existing
processing infrastructure at Finniss
• For the reasons set out below, Core has no current intention to make a takeover offer for
Charger
Core Lithium Ltd (ASX:CXO) (Core or the Company) announces that it has entered into separate and discrete
agreements with Lithium Australia Limited (ASX:LIT) (Lithium Australia) in relation to Charger Metals NL
(ASX:CHR) (Charger) and the Bynoe Project (Bynoe).
Acquisition of Charger Shares
Core has agreed to acquire 7.6 million Charger shares held by Lithium Australia (Charger Shares). The purchase
price payable by Core is the issue of 6.08 million new Core shares (being 0.8 Core shares for each Charger
Share).1
Completion of the purchase of the Charger Shares must occur before 20 September 2024.
At Completion, Core will own approximately 9.8%2 of Charger shares on issue and Lithium Australia will hold a
0.3% shareholding in Core.
In addition, Core has granted Lithium Australia a call option (Option) to re-acquire the Charger Shares should a
prescribed control event occur within 9 months with an offer ratio that exceeds 0.8 Core shares for each Charger
Share, or equivalent, in which case, consideration will become payable by Core to Lithium Australia. The
agreement to issue the Core shares as consideration for any cancellation of the option is capped at 15 million
Core shares and is made under the Company’s 15% placement capacity under Listing Rule 7.1.
Full details of this agreement will be released with Core’s substantial shareholder notice.
1 Using Core’s 5 day volume weighted average price to 6 September 2024 (VWAP) of $0.089, the consideration is worth
approximately $0.071 per Charger share utilising Core’s 15% placement capacity under Listing Rule 7.1.
2 Based on 77,420,250 Charger shares on issue on 6 September 2024.
corelithium.com.au

Acquisition of 30% interest in Bynoe
In a separate agreement, Core has agreed to purchase Lithium Australia’s 30% interest in Bynoe, subject to
certain conditions precedent. Bynoe is an exploration licence in the Northern Territory which is surrounded by
tenements that are part of Core’s Finniss Project (Figure 1). Charger owns the remaining 70% of Bynoe.
Under the terms of Charger and Lithium Australia’s joint venture agreement (JV) for Bynoe, the 30% interest Core
has agreed to acquire is free carried and requires no expenditure by LIT until Charger completes a Definitive
Feasibility Study. Until then, 100% of the costs incurred in relation to Bynoe, including exploration costs, are to be
borne by Charger.
The purchase price for the acquisition of the 30% interest in Bynoe is $500,000 in cash.
Under the terms of the JV, Charger has a pre-emptive right to acquire the 30% Bynoe interest for the same
purchase price of $500,000, for a period of 60 days. The acquisition by Core will only proceed if Charger declines
to exercise this right during this time.
Figure 1 – Location of Bynoe Project (Charger EL)
corelithium.com.au
2

Strategic Rationale
These agreements follow the confidential non-binding indicative offer (NBIO) proposed by Core for the potential
acquisition of Charger by way of a scheme of arrangement, announced by Charger on Monday 19 August 2024.
The NBIO was subject to due diligence (among other things) and was not accepted by Charger’s Board. The
NBIO has lapsed following its public disclosure by Charger.
Now that Core has agreed to purchase a strategic stake in Charger and may also purchase a strategic stake in
Bynoe, Core is willing to remain a strategic investor in Charger and Bynoe.
Equally, Core remains open to discussing the progression of its NBIO with Charger should Charger’s board be
willing to do so in a constructive manner.
In the present circumstances, without access to due diligence information and subject to the actions of Charger
or third parties, Core has no current intention to make a takeover offer for Charger.
This announcement has been approved for release by the Core Lithium Board.
For further information, please contact:
Investor Enquiries Media enquiries
Paul Brown Michael Vaughan
CEO Executive Director
Core Lithium Ltd Fivemark Partners
+61 8 8317 1700 +61 422 602 720
info@corelithium.com.au michael.vaughan@fivemark.com.au
About Core
Core Lithium Ltd (ASX: CXO) (Core or Company) is an Australian hard-rock lithium company that owns the Finniss
Lithium Operation on the Cox Peninsula, south-west and 88km by sealed road from the Darwin Port, Northern
Territory. Core's vision is to generate sustained value for shareholders from critical minerals exploration and mining
projects underpinned by strong environmental, safety and social standards.
For further information about Core and its projects, visit www.corelithium.com.au
Not an offer in the United States
This announcement has been prepared for publication in Australia and may not be released to US wire services or
distributed in the United States. This announcement does not constitute an offer to sell, or a solicitation of an offer
to buy, securities in the United States or any other jurisdiction. Any securities described in this announcement have
not been, and will not be, registered under the US Securities Act of 1933 and may not be offered or sold in the United
States except in transactions exempt from, or not subject to, registration under the US Securities Act and applicable
US state securities laws.
corelithium.com.au
3

