 
1 | P a g e  
 
ASX ANNOUNCEMENT 
7 November 2024 
 
Charger to Acquire 100% of the Bynoe Lithium Project 
• Charger has exercised its pre-emptive rights to acquire the remaining 30% of the Bynoe 
Lithium Project from Livium Ltd (ASX:LIT; “Livium”) for $500,000 cash consideration. 
• The exercise of the pre-emptive rights follows a sale agreement signed between Core 
Lithium Ltd (ASX:CXO; “Core”) and Livium for Core to acquire the 30%.1   
• Core announced yesterday excellent drill intersections at Blackbeard including 63m @ 
1.67% Li2O along strike from previous intersections of 71m @ 1.05% Li2O, 59m @ 1.54% 
Li2O and 41m @ 1.63% Li2O.2  
• Core’s high-grade mineralisation at Blackbeard trends northeast towards our Bynoe 
Project and is modelled to within 50m of our tenement boundary (Figure 1).2 
• Environmental surveys are underway as part of an updated drilling and exploration 
permit for Bynoe to allow for drill testing of priority targets next field season.  
 
Charger Metals NL (ASX:CHR, “Charger” or the “Company”) is pleased to announce it has 
exercised its pre-emptive right to acquire the remaining 30% of the Bynoe Lithium Project (“Bynoe”) 
in the Northern Territory from Livium Ltd (formerly Lithium Australia Limited) for $500,000 cash 
consideration. 
The exercise of the pre-emptive right follows a sale agreement between Core and Livium  for Core 
to acquire the 30% of Bynoe for $500,000 cash consideration – refer to Core’s ASX Announcement 
dated 9 September 2024. Charger will now acquire Livium’s 30% on the same terms as offered by 
Core and subsequently move to 100% ownership of the Bynoe Lithium Project. 
Charger’s Managing Director, Aidan Platel, commented: 
“We are very pleased to move to 100% ownership of our Bynoe Lithium Project. Covering an area 
of 63km2 and with more than 20 prospective lithium targets yet to be drilled tested, we believe it’s 
the largest underexplored area of the Finniss pegmatite field that is both inside the lithium-
prospective structural corridor and within 20km of Core’s spodumene beneficiation plant at Grants. 
Last quarter, Core was actively drilling directly along trend from some of our priority target areas, 
such as at their central Blackbeard Prospect as well as regional targets surrounding the Ah Hoy 
Prospect to the northeast of our Bynoe tenement (Figures 1 & 2).3 
In particular, Core announced yesterday excellent intersections at Blackbeard of 63m @ 1.67% 
Li2O, including 20m @ 2.09% Li2O, along strike from previous intersections of 71m @ 1.05% Li2O, 59m 
@ 1.54% Li2O and 41m @ 1.63% Li2O.2 This high-grade mineralisation trends to the northeast towards 
our Bynoe Project and is modelled to within 50m of our tenement boundary (Figure 1).2 
We are currently completing environmental studies and surveys as part of our drill permitting 
process, and we look forward to drilling our priority targets next dry season.” 
 
1 Refer to Core Lithium Ltd’s ASX Announcement 9 September 2024 – “Strategic Investment in Charger Metals and 
the Bynoe Project” 
2 Refer to Core Lithium Ltd’s ASX Announcements 6 November 2024 – “New High-grade Lithium Drill Results within 
20km of Grants” and 18 April 2023 – “Finniss Mineral Resource increased by 62%” 
3 Refer to Core Lithium Ltd’s ASX Announcement 24 October 2024 – “Quarterly Activities and Cashflow Report” 
 
2 | P a g e  
 
Charger has defined over 20 prospective areas for lithium at the Bynoe Project. Initial targets were 
defined by lithium-in-soils anomalies, pegmatite outcrops and/or historic tin-tantalum workings, a 
proven targeting tool in the region due to the mineral association with lithium.  
  
Figure 1. Core’s drilling results at the Blackbeard Prospect showing mineralisation within 50m of  
Charger’s Bynoe Project (adapted from Figure 2 of  Core Lithium Ltd’s ASX Announcement 6 November 2024). 
 
During the 2023 field season the Company completed a large infill soil sampling programme over 
the eastern portion of the Bynoe tenure to define areas of anomalous lithium and/or associated 
elements at surface. Ambient Noise Tomography (“ANT”) and ground gravity surveys were also 
completed over a large area in the northeast of the tenement in an attempt to “look below” the 
surface and potentially define pegmatite targets that may not outcrop. 
Modelling of the combined geophysical and surface geochemistry data sets, in conjunction with 
mapping and structural data, resulted in several new target areas prospective for lithium 
mineralisation (Figure 2).  
Many of the new prospective areas are defined by surface lithium anomalies striking NNE-SSW, a 
trend supported by the gravity data and in-line with the overall regional geology trend. Other 
surface anomalies are sub-parallel and strike approximately north-south, similar to known lithium in 
pegmatite mineralisation observed in the region.4 The ANT data supports this orientation, defining 
 
4 Refer to Core Lithium Ltd’s ASX Announcement 11 April 2024 – “Finniss Mineral Resource increased by 58%” 
 
3 | P a g e  
 
several ~80m wide discrete bodies parallel to mapped pegmatites close to the Sunline Prospect, 
which strike approximately north-south and extend well below 100m in depth. 
The Company has commenced environmental surveys as part of an updated drilling and 
exploration permit (Mining Management Plan; “MMP”) for Bynoe, to be ready to commence drill 
testing of priority targets in the 2025 field season. 
 
  
Figure 2. Gridded lithium in soils data of the Bynoe Lithium Project showing discrete lithium anomalies in 
relation to the known prospects.  
 
Authorised for release by the Board. 
Aidan Platel  
 
 
Jonathan Whyte  
 
Alex Cowie 
Managing Director & CEO  
Company Secretary   
NWR Communications 
Charger Metals NL 
 
 
Charger Metals NL 
 
+61 412 952 610 
aidan@chargermetals.com.au   
jdw@chargermetals.com.au  
alexc@nwrcommunications.com.au 
 
 
4 | P a g e  
 
 
Figure 3. Location map of the Bynoe Lithium Project.5 
Forward Looking Statements 
This announcement may contain certain “forward looking statements” which may not have been based solely on 
historical facts, but rather may be based on the Company’s current expectations about future events and results.  
Where the Company expresses or implies an expectation or belief as to future events or results, such expectation 
or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis.  
 
5 Refer to Core Lithium Ltd’s ASX Announcement 11 April 2024 – “Finniss Mineral Resource increased by 58%” 
 
5 | P a g e  
 
However, forward looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors which could 
cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed, projected or implied by such forward looking 
statements. Such risks include, but are not limited to exploration risk, Resource risk, metal price volatility, currency 
fluctuations, increased production costs and variances in ore grade or recovery rates from those assumed in mining 
plans, as well as political and operational risks in the countries and states in which we sell our product to, and 
government regulation and judicial outcomes.  
For more detailed discussion of such risks and other factors, see the Company’s prospectus, as well as the 
Company’s other filings.  Readers should not place undue reliance on forward looking information.  The Company 
does not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to any “forward looking statement” to reflect 
events or circumstances after the date of this announcement, or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, 
except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 
