ASX: BUS
ASX: BUS 
W: www.bubalusresources.com.au
1
Exploring for gold and antimony in the heart 
of the Victorian goldfields
Investor Presentation 
Victorian Gold Project Acquisition 
December 2024
ASX: BUS
DISCLAIMER This presentation has been prepared by Bubalus Resources (“Bubalus” or “Company”). It contains general information about the Company’s activities
current as at the date of the presentation. The information is provided in summary form and does not purport to be complete. This presentation is not to be distributed (nor
taken to have been distributed) to any persons in any jurisdictions to whom an offer or solicitation to buy shares in the Company would be unlawful. Any recipient of the
presentation should observe any such restrictions on the distribution of this presentation and warrants to the Company that the receipt of the presentation is not unlawful.
It should not be considered as an offer or invitation to subscribe for or purchase any securities in the Company or as an inducement to make an offer or invitation with
respect to those securities. No agreement to subscribe for securities in the Company will be entered into on the basis of this presentation or any information, opinions or
conclusions expressed in the course of this presentation.
This presentation is not a prospectus, product disclosure document or other offering document under Australian law or under any other law It has been prepared for
information purposes only. This presentation contains general summary information and does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation and
particular needs of any individual investor It is not financial product advice and investors should obtain their own independent advice from qualified financial advisors
having regard to their objectives, financial situation and needs. Bubalus Resources nor any of their related bodies corporate is licensed to provide financial product advice.
This presentation and information, opinions or conclusions expressed in the course of this presentation contains forecasts and forward-looking information. Such
forecasts, projections and information are not a guarantee of future performance, involve unknown risks and uncertainties. Actual results and developments will almost
certainly differ materially from those expressed or implied. There are a number of risks, both specific to Oceana, and of a general nature which may affect the future
operating and financial performance of Oceana, and the value of an investment in Oceana including and not limited to title risk, renewal risk, economic conditions, stock
market fluctuations, gold price movements, timing of access to infrastructure, timing of environmental approvals, regulatory risks, operational risks, reliance on key
personnel, reserve estimations, native title risks, foreign currency fluctuations, and mining development, construction and commissioning risk. You should not act or refrain
from acting in reliance on this presentation, or any information, opinions or conclusions expressed in the course of this presentation. This presentation does not purport to
be all inclusive or to contain all information which its recipients may require in order to make an informed assessment of the prospects of Oceana. You should conduct
your own investigation and perform your own analysis in order to satisfy yourself as to the accuracy and completeness of the information, statements and opinions
contained in this presentation before making any investment decision. Recipients of this presentation must undertake their own due diligence and make their own
assumptions in respect of the information contained in this presentation and should obtain independent professional advice before may any decision based on the
information. No representation or warranty, express or implied, is made in relation to the fairness, accuracy or completeness of the information, opinions and conclusions
expressed in the course of this presentation. To the maximum extent permitted by law, no representation, warranty or undertaking, express or implied, is made and, no
responsibility or liability is accepted by the Company or any of its officers, employees, agents or consultant or any other person as to the adequacy, accuracy,
completeness or reasonableness of the information in this presentation and no responsibility for any errors or omissions from this presentation whether arising out of
negligence or otherwise is accepted by the Company. An investment in the shares of the Company is to be considered highly speculative.
Competent Person Statement
Mr Brendan Borg, a Director of the Company, is a Member of The Australasian Institute of Geoscientists and the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy and has
sufficient experience which is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposit under consideration to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012
Edition of the JORC ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves’. Mr Borg consents to the inclusion in the report of the
information in the form and context in which it appears. The Exploration Results are based on standard industry practices for drilling, logging, sampling, assay methods
including quality assurance and quality control measures as detailed in the ASX Announcements stated in the text and in the Independent Geologist’s Report contained
within the Prospectus released to the ASX on 11th October 2022.
Disclaimer
2
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS
Capital Structure
Board and Management
Bubalus has been established with a strong Board and 
management team with the skills and experience required to create value for shareholders.
Alec Pismiris – Executive Chairman
Mr Pismiris has over 30 years of experience in the securities, finance and 
mining industries. Mr Pismiris completed a Bachelor of Commerce degree at 
UWA, is a member of the Australian Institute of Company Directors and a 
fellow of The Governance Institute of Australia. Other current directorships 
include Agrimin Limited, Sunshine Gold Limited, The Market Herald Limited 
and Pacton Gold Inc (TSX-V).
Bill Oliver – Non Executive Director 
Mr Oliver is a geologist with over 20 years of experience in the resources 
industry. Mr Oliver has served as director of a number of ASX listed 
companies and is familiar with the requirements of the ASX Listing Rules and 
the JORC Code. He’s a member of the AusIMM and the Australian Institute of 
Geoscientists and holds an honours degree in Geology from UWA, as well as 
a post-graduate diploma in finance and investment from FINSIA. He is 
currently a director of FMR Resources (ASX:FMR)
Brendan Borg – Non Executive Director 
Mr Borg is a geologist who has specialised in the battery minerals sector and 
has identified numerous successful projects in an investment and/or 
management and operational capacity. Mr Borg has 28 years' experience in 
mineral exploration, resource development, mining operations and executive 
management in a wide variety of mineral commodities and jurisdictions.
Mr Borg is currently a director of battery minerals explorer Kuniko Limited 
(ASX:KNI) and lithium developer Leo Lithium Limited (ASX:LLL).
Melanie Ross – CFO and Company Secretary
Ms. Ross is an accounting and corporate governance professional with over 
20 years’ experience in financial accounting and analysis, audit, business and 
corporate advisory in Australia. 
Capital Structure (Post Placement)
ASX Code
ASX: BUS
Share price 11/12/24
$0.115
Total shares on issue
42,636,978
Total options on issue
12,561,750
Market Capitalisation (undiluted)
$4.90m
Cash approximate
$3.8m
Enterprise value (EV)
$1.10m
Top 20 shareholders
43.81%
3
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
Corporate Snapshot
Substantial Shareholders >5% – Inyati Fund Ltd
ASX: BUS
Bubalus enters into an option to acquire a portfolio of 
approximately 1,000 km2 in the heart of the Victorian Goldfields
Key licences located in close proximity to the 
operating high-grade Fosterville and 
Costerfield gold mines and the Sunday Creek 
gold-antimony project
Prospective for gold and antimony 
mineralisation, with high grade rock chips 
collected at the Crosbie and Murrindindi licences 
by the vendor.
Induced polarisation (IP) surveys at Crosbie 
have delineated priority targets for drill testing.
Permitting for low impact exploration at Crosbie 
has been completed, enabling Bubulas to carry 
out drilling from existing tracks and on a key 
parcel of private land, where an access 
agreement has been negotiated.
Victorian Gold Acquisition –
Near Term Drilling Proposition
4
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS
Located 18 km from Fosterville Gold Mine and 
20 km from Costerfield Gold-Antimony Mine
Licence covers an area of 21.5 km2 
containing a late Devonian granite 
intruded into Ordovician metasediments.
Age dating on vein mineralisation within 
the Crosbie granite places it in the 
regionally significant Intrusion Related 
Gold System (IGRS) deposit Group.
Field mapping and sampling has identified 
important geological features and textures 
suggesting a well developed magmatic 
hydrothermal fluid system at a shallow 
crustal level.
At Crosbie South, an area of angular 
quartz float some 700 m in length 
identified, with stockwork quartz veins and 
aplite observed in exposed granite.
Recent surface sampling at Crosbie
South yielded up to 19.1 g/t gold and 
1.1% antimony.
Crosbie Gold-Antimony Project
5
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS
Strong target supported by high grade gold at surface, 
geophysical anomalies, and geological mapping
High levels of gold in surface sampling, 
including 19.1 g/t, 7.53 g/t, 4.26 g/t, 3.89 
g/t, and antimony up to 1.1%.
Following these encouraging results, two 
Induced Polarisation (IP) surveys were 
conducted, focussed on Crosbie South 
and the Prince Foote Trend.
Analysis by Mitre Geophysics identified 
coherent chargeability anomalies from 
surface to depths of over 360 m, 
coincident with gold in surface samples.
3D inversion modelling has identified four 
chargeable and resistive features 
associated with previously mapped aplite 
dykes and gold–antimony veins, indicating 
a potentially large intrusive body is 
present.
Importantly, required permitting and 
agreements are in place, enabling early 
opportunity to drill test the targets from 
existing tracks and private land.
Crosbie South Prospect
6
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
Refer to ASX release of 3 December 2024 for full details on these results
ASX: BUS
High grade gold at surface and unexplained geophysical 
anomaly may indicate a similar geological setting to Fosterville.
Surface sampling in the Crosbie North 
area yielded grades up to 12.1 g/t gold 
and 2.02% antimony.
IP surveys at Crosbie South were 
extended to a single transect across the 
northern section of the licence, where a 
spatial association between chargeability 
features and potassium anomalism was 
noted.
Near surface layer of the Castlemaine 
Group is mostly resistive, but unexplained 
variability in the response may indicate 
folding and faulting of the sediments, 
providing a possible analogue to 
Fosterville, where mineralisation occurs is 
hosted in anticlinal hinges.
Further geophysical and geochemical 
surveys at Crosbie North are planned to 
refine targets for drilling.
Refer to ASX release of 3 December 2024 for full details on these results
Crosbie North Prospect
7
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS
Two key Prospects – Higginbotham (North West Zone) 
and Tin Creek (South East Zone)
Large licence covering 354 km2 within the 
Melbourne Zone of the Lachlan Orogen.
Historically less explored in comparison to 
the Bendigo Zone due to the discovery of 
gold in Ballarat and Bendigo, however the 
recent development of Costerfield and 
drilling success at Sunday Creek by 
Southern Cross Gold (ASX:SXG) has 
rejuvenated interest.
Antimony mineralisation is associated with 
these types of epizonal gold deposits in 
Victoria and recent export restrictions by 
China has provided further incentive to 
target this style of mineralisation.
High grade surface samples have been 
collected from two prospects –
Higginbotham in northwest, where a similar 
gravity feature to Sunday Creek is situated, 
and Tin Creek, in the southeast, where 
mapped metasediments (intrusion altered) 
tin-tungsten-molybdenum occurrences may 
represent the alteration pattern of an IGRS.
Murrindindi Gold-Antimony-
Tungsten Project
8
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS
High Grade gold up to 131 g/t
Surface sampling at the Higginbotham 
Prospect contained visible and returned 
spectacular results, including 131 g/t, 66.9 
g/t, 9.68 g/t and 4.39 g/t gold.
Historical workings across approximately 
500 m of strike length apparently to have 
targeting gold mineralisation hosted in 
quartz veins and breccias.  No information 
on this small-scale historical mining is 
available, and no drilling has ever been 
recorded in this area.
At the Tin Creek Prospect, limited surface 
sampling yielded results up 1.06 g/t gold, 
and along with field observations, are 
consistent with a potential intrusion related 
gold system (IRGS)
A single diamond drillhole completed in 
1984, targeting large tungsten and tin 
anomalies, intersected sub-economic 
grades of tungsten and tin, but the work 
identified potential for gold mineralisation.
Rock chip sample assaying 66.9 g/t Au (visible gold circled), sample number HG48.
Refer to ASX release of 3 December 2024 for full details on these results
Murrindindi Gold-Antimony-Higginbotham 
and Tin Creek Prospects
9
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS
Portfolio optioned by Bubalus includes 
the Lockwood and Wilson’s Hill licences 
(EL007261 and EL007359) located 
near Bendigo and the Castleburn 
licence (EL007450) located near 
Bairnsdale. 
The Lockwood and Wilson’s Hill 
licences are located adjacent to tenure 
held by Falcon Metals (ASX:FAL) and 
structures hosting gold mineralisation 
are interpreted to trend into the licence 
areas.
The Castleburn licence has had 
historical early-stage exploration work 
completed, however has not been 
targeted for the IRGS style of 
mineralisation.
These licences are not the immediate 
focus of exploration, however historical 
data will be reviewed and compiled to 
define targets for further exploration.
Victorian Gold – Other Licences
10
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS
Preparation to commence for maiden 
drill program at Crosbie South
Stakeholder engagement to commence immediately, 
introducing Bubalus as the new operator of the 
projects.
Further surface sampling and geophysical surveys at 
Crosbie North to refine drilling target positions.
Targeting late Q1/early Q2, 2025, for maiden drilling 
program at Crosbie South.
At Murrindindi, further surface sampling, and 
geophysical surveys are planned to define targets for 
drilling, including tin and tungsten in addition to 
gold/antimony.
Approvals and timelines for drilling at Murrindindi will be 
dependent on whether targets can be tested by drilling 
from existing tracks.
Data from other licences will be reviewed to generate 
targets for further work.
With completion of recent placement, Bubalus 
remains well funded to execute active exploration 
campaigns. 
Transaction Summary – Grant of Option:
Cash consideration: 
$100,000
Vendor Shares
2,290,000
Transaction summary 
– low up front cost
Option agreement with low up-front costs allow
exploration to commence immediately.
Exercise of Option and Option Payments:
On or before 6 months from execution
$100,000
On or before 12 months from execution
$150,000
On or before 24 months from execution
$300,000
On or before 36 months from execution
$450,000
On or before 48 months from execution
$900,000
Bubalus may exercise the option during a 48-month
period by paying:*
*Refer to ASX release of 3 December 2024 for full details of acquisition agreement.
Victorian Gold Project – Initial 
steps and transaction summary 
11
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS

Yinnietharra Lithium Project, located 2 km from the 
Malinda Project in WA (ASX.DLI; intercepts include 43 
m @ 1.22% Li2O) 

Significant landholding of 1,528km² in the Northern 
Territory, underexplored for it's rare earth and lithium 
potential covering two projects including

Nolans East Project (Light REE’s) adjacent to 
the Nolan’s Bore Deposit (ASX:ARU), and 

Coomarie Project (Heavy REEs) analogous to 
the Browns Ridge Deposits (ASX.NTU)

5,435km² holding prospective for manganese and 
copper-cobalt mineralisation at the Amadeus Project 
125km south of Alice Springs 
Significant portfolio of rare earths and battery metals projects 
across highly prospective, underexplored mining regions across Australia.
Broader Project Portfolio
12
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS
Project covers 380km² of the Arunta Province, 
analogous to Nolan’s Bore LREE deposit. 
Excellent project access along the Stuart Highway 
in the Northern Territory.
Bubalus’ first mover advantage adjacent 
to Nolans Bore
Region heating up, underpinned by Hancock Prospecting’s 
$60m support of Arafura’s development ambitions 
The Nolans East Project is prospective for light rare earths and 
is located only 15kms east of Arafura’s (ASX.ARU) 56Mt 2.6% TREO Light Rare Earth deposit 
Arafura Resources progressing towards construction and 
development of the Nolans Bore Mine supported via recent 
$60m cornerstone investment by Hancock Prospecting¹.
Pegging rush by explorers, including Arafura’s founding 
director Norman McCleary.
¹ Refer ARU ASX announcement dated 5th December 2022
Nolans East Project – Rare Earths
13
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS
Nolans East Project area is over 90% covered 
with shallow sand cover and limited outcrop¹.
The project area is underexplored for it’s 
hydrothermal stockwork vein-style Light 
Rare Earths (LREEs) potential, in particular 
minerals neodymium, and praseodymium 
associated with these types of rare earths-
phosphate-uranium-thorium (REE-P-U-Th) 
deposits such as Nolans Bore.
Soil sampling has defined discrete REE 
anomalies that warrant drilling. 
Visual field mapping indicates in situ 
anomalism, possibly from proximal source. 
Approvals process for drilling nearing 
completion with receipt of Heritage Authority 
Certificate and environmental (mining) license. 
Finalising land access agreement prior to 
drilling in 2025.
Soil sampling program successfully identifies anomalous 
rare earth element content, comparable with adjacent Arafura Resources
¹Refer Independent Geologists Report, ASX Announcements 
11 October 2022 and July 23rd 2023
Results from surface sampling at Nolans East Project.1
Nolans East – Encouraging early soil sampling 
results, elevating project ranking
14
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS
The project sits within the “goldilocks” zone, 
2-5km from the Thirty Three Supersuite Granite source. 
Located <2km’s from Delta’s Malinda 
Prospect, which is proven to host 
spodumene bearing pegmatites, with 
intercepts1 of 43m @ 1.22% Li2O and 
55.6m @ Li2O.
Spatially, the project is located within 2-3 
kms from the Thirty Three Supersuite
source granite, in potential “goldilocks” 
zone.
Several targets defined by systematic soil 
sampling, including Malinda East, targeting 
undercover spodumene pegmatites along 
strike from Malinda.
Heritage Agreement recently signed with 
survey provisionally scheduled for Q1 
2025. Drilling anticipated in Q3 2025.
1 Refer ASX DLI announcements dated 27/02/23 and 8/05/23 
Yinnietharra Lithium Project 
15
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS
Substantial land package 
125km south of Alice Springs 
along the Stuart Highway.
Multiple access roads across 
tenements as well as airstrips 
and rail.
Focus on high purity 
manganese for the battery 
metals industry.
Manganese grades up to 
43.3% Mn at the Cameron 
Prospect.
Rio Tinto last explored the 
eastern portion in 1997, 
returning Cobalt grades up to 
1.1% and 1,850ppm Zn in 
RAB Drilling.
Historic work identified 11 manganese occurrences, along with cobalt and Ni-Zn-Cu also identified
Commanding land package with 150kms of strike 
containing outcropping high grade manganese occurrences
Source: Independent Geologists Report, ASX Announcement 11 October 2022
Amadeus Project 
16
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS
Active high impact exploration and drilling planned across project portfolio in 2025
Upcoming News flow – Field 
exploration & drilling timelines 
17
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS
Assembled a highly prospective portfolio of Gold, Lithium, Rare Earths and base metals projects located in 
Tier 1 jurisdictions – Victoria, NT and WA 
Recent Victorian Gold Project acquisition in the heart of the Victorian goldfields, with significant 
exploration already completed, targets defined, and permitting in place to enable rapid progression to drill 
testing.
Actively undertaking systematic exploration, applying modern geophysical and geochemical techniques to 
rapidly advance all existing projects to drilling, enabling decision on whether to retain or divest.
Tight capital structure and low $1.10m enterprise value (post recent capital raising) presenting compelling 
leverage to exploration success
Active 2025 field and exploration drilling programs planned, with permitting in place on key Victorian Gold 
Project.
With the addition of the Victorian Gold Project, Bubalus bolsters 
its existing portfolio of critical minerals projects.
Investment Highlights
18
ASX: BUS 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
ASX: BUS
19
ASX: BUS 
W: www.bubalusresources.com.au
Contact us
Email:
admin@bubalusresources.com.au
Visit our website: 
www.bubalusresources.com.au
