⚲ MAP NEWS MOVERS INSIDERS ARTICLES DRILLING  Account
1D 5D 3M 6M YTD 1Y 2Y
Newmont Corporation73.610.61(0.84%)113.5k 9.10.2024, 4:05:00 PM
Newmont Announces Agreement to Divest
Telfer and Havieron for Up to $475M
Volume
DENVER--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Newmont Corporation (NYSE: NEM, TSX: NGT, ASX: NEM, PNGX: 10. Mar 24. Mar 7. Apr 21. Apr 5
NEM) announces today, as part of its ongoing program to divest non-core assets, it has agreed to sell
the Telfer operation, Newmont’s 70% interest in the Havieron gold-copper project (Havieron), and
other related interests in the Paterson region, all in Australia, to Greatland Gold plc (AIM:GGP) Newmont Corporation Shares o
(Greatland). The transaction is expected to close in the fourth quarter of 2024, subject to certain
Stock(NGT:CA)
conditions being satisfied.1
$73.61 +0.61(0.84%
Under the terms of the agreement, Newmont expects to receive gross proceeds of up to $475
million, which includes:
May 23, 2025 4:00 PMET Volume: 113,5
Cash consideration of $207.5 million, due upon on closing2 CAD|TORONTO STOCK EXCHANGE|DELAYE
CLOSED
Equity consideration of $167.5 million in the form of Greatland shares, to be issued upon
closing
Deferred contingent cash consideration of up to $100 million3 Detailed Quote
"The transaction announced today represents the first asset sale in the divestiture program Last
announced in February. I am pleased that Telfer and Havieron are being sold to Greatland, a $ Chg
company with a highly experienced management team and board of directors. I have full confidence
Open
that the Greatland team will be outstanding stewards of these assets”, said Tom Palmer, Newmont's
High
President and Chief Executive Officer. "Including the Telfer divestiture, we continue to expect to
reach at least $2 billion in total proceeds from the sale of our high-quality, non-core assets, enabling Beta
us to focus attention on our suite of Tier 1 assets, further reduce debt, and return capital to Year High
shareholders.”
Dividend Amount
Newmont remains firmly on track to deliver on our 2024 commitments4. With the expectation that Previous Payable Date
the transaction will close in the fourth quarter of 2024, Newmont has made minor adjustments to its Dividend Frequency
non-core gold and copper production guidance to reflect the Telfer divestiture, which was classified Upcoming Ex-Dividend Date
as ‘held for sale’ in Newmont’s financial statements.
Upcoming Payable Date
For more detailed guidance, see the Company’s 2024 Outlook included in the second quarter Market Cap
earnings release dated July 24, 2024, available on newmont.com. Please see the cautionary PB Ratio
statement and footnotes for additional information.
EPS
Volume
Guidance Metric 2024E
% Chg
Prev. Close
Attributable Gold Production (Koz)a Low
VWAP
Managed Tier 1 Portfolio 4,100 Year Low
Forward Dividend Yield
Non-Managed Tier 1 Portfolio 1,530 Previous Ex-Dividend Date
Total Shares
5,630 Shares Out
Total Tier 1 Portfolio
PE Ratio
(unchanged)
Exchange
Non-Core Assets 1,120
Project Name
Telfer Project
Total Newmont Attributable Gold Production (Koz)6,750
All Market Data prices are at least 15 minutes delayed and the Delayed Market Data has been created on an "as is" basis. The currency of the Delayed Market Data is
quoted in CAD.

TABLE:
⚲
MAP NEWS MOVERS INSIDERS ARTICLES DRILLING |  Account

TABLE:
 | 1D 5D 3M 6M YTD 1Y 2Y | 
 | Volume
10. Mar 24. Mar 7. Apr 21. Apr 5 | 
 |  | 
 |  | 
 | Newmont Corporation Shares o
Stock(NGT:CA) | 
 | $73.61 +0.61(0.84%
May 23, 2025 4:00 PMET Volume: 113,5
CAD|TORONTO STOCK EXCHANGE|DELAYE
CLOSED | 

TABLE:
Detailed Quote
Last
$ Chg
Open
High
Beta
Year High
Dividend Amount
Previous Payable Date
Dividend Frequency
Upcoming Ex-Dividend Date
Upcoming Payable Date
Market Cap
PB Ratio
EPS
Volume
% Chg
Prev. Close
Low
VWAP
Year Low
Forward Dividend Yield
Previous Ex-Dividend Date
Total Shares
Shares Out
PE Ratio
Exchange

TABLE:
 | All Market Data prices are at least 15 minutes delayed and the Delayed Market Data has been created on an "as is" basis. The currency of the Dela |  |  | 
 |  |  | quoted in CAD. | 
 |  |  |  | 

Copper ⚲ MAP NEWS MOVERS INSIDERS ARTICLES DRILLING  Account
144
Copper Production - Tier 1 Portfolio (ktonne)
(unchanged)
Copper Production - Non-Core Assets (ktonne) 1
Total Newmont Copper Production (ktonne) 145
Attributable gold production includes ounces from the Company's equity method investment in
a
Pueblo Viejo (40%) and in Lundin Gold (32.0%).
Advisers and Counsel
In connection with the transaction, Newmont engaged Macquarie Capital as its financial adviser, and
Allens and Linklaters as its legal advisers.
Project Summary Com
About Newmont
Newmont is the world’s leading gold company and a producer of copper, zinc, lead, and silver. The
company’s world-class portfolio of assets, prospects, and talent is anchored in favorable mining
jurisdictions in Africa, Australia, Latin America & the Caribbean, North America, and Papua New
Guinea. Newmont is the only gold producer listed in the S&P 500 Index and is widely recognized for
its principled environmental, social, and governance practices. Newmont is an industry leader in value
creation, supported by robust safety standards, superior execution, and technical expertise. Founded All Projects
in 1921, the company has been publicly traded since 1925.
At Newmont, our purpose is to create value and improve lives through sustainable and responsible
mining. To learn more about Newmont’s sustainability strategy and initiatives, go to newmont.com. Other Company News
5/15/2025
Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward Looking Statements, Including Outlook Assumptions:
Newmont Publishes 2024 Sustainability and Taxes &
This news release contains “forward-looking statements” within the meaning of Section 27A of the 5/10/2025
Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Newmont Announces a Decrease in its Holdings of D
amended, which are intended to be covered by the safe harbor created by such sections and other 5/6/2025
applicable laws. Where a forward-looking statement expresses or implies an expectation or belief Statement of CDIs on issue - NEM
as to future events or results, such expectation or belief is expressed in good faith and believed to 5/4/2025
have a reasonable basis. However, such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other Form 4 as filed - Peter Wexler
factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed, projected
5/4/2025
or implied by the forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements often address our Executive Promotion and AGM Voting Results
expected future business and financial performance and financial condition; and often contain words
5/2/2025
such as “anticipate,” “intend,” “plan,” “will,” “would,” “estimate,” “expect,” “believe,” "pending" or Newmont Promotes Natascha Viljoen to President and
“potential.” Forward-looking statements in this news release may include, without limitation, (i)
4/27/2025
estimates of future production and sales, including production outlook; (ii) expectations regarding the
Quarterly Report - period ended 31 March 2025 (Form
sale of Telfer and Havieron, including, without limitation, expectations regarding timing and closing of
4/24/2025
the pending transaction, including receipt of required approvals and satisfaction of all closing
Newmont Corporation Form 8-K Current Report
conditions (including without limitation, the conditions set forth in footnotes contained on the prior
4/23/2025
page of this release), and expectations regarding receipt of cash and equity consideration upon
Dividend/Distribution - NEM
closing and receipt of any deferred contingent cash consideration in the future; (iii) expectations
regarding the progress of the divestiture program and the sale of assets which have been designated 4/23/2025
First Quarter 2025 Earnings Results Release (Form 8-
as assets held for sale; (iv) expectations regarding capital allocation priorities and return capital to
shareholders; (v) statements regarding the future portfolio and financial or operating results.
Estimates or expectations of future events or results are based upon certain assumptions, which may
prove to be incorrect. Assumptions related to outlook, include, but are not limited to: (i) there being
no significant change to current geotechnical, metallurgical, hydrological and other physical
conditions; (ii) permitting, development, operations and expansion of operations and projects being
consistent with current expectations and mine plans; (iii) political developments in any jurisdiction in
which the Company operates being consistent with its current expectations; (iv) certain exchange
rate assumptions for the Australian dollar to U.S. dollar and Canadian dollar to U.S. dollar, as well as
other exchange rates being approximately consistent with current levels; (v) certain price
assumptions for gold, copper, silver, zinc, lead and oil; (vi) prices for key supplies; (vii) the accuracy of
current mineral reserve, mineral resource and mineralized material estimates; (viii) other planning
assumptions; and (ix) all closing conditions being satisfied as part of the sale of Telfer and Havieron.
Uncertainties include those relating to general macroeconomic uncertainty and changing market
conditions, changing restrictions on the mining industry in the jurisdictions in which we operate,
impacts to supply chain, including price, availability of goods, ability to receive supplies and fuel, and
All Mimaprkaectt sD aotfa c phraicnegse asr ein a tin letearset s1t5 r matienust.es delayed and the Delayed Market Data has been created on an "as is" basis. The currency of the Delayed Market Data is
quoted in CAD.

TABLE:
 |  | All Mimaprkaectt sD aotfa c phraicnegse asr ein a tin letearset s1t5 r matienust.es delayed and the Delayed Market Data has been created on an "as is" basis. The currency of the Delay |  |  | 
 |  |  |  | quoted in CAD. | 
 |  |  |  |  | 

For a more detailed discussion of risks and other factors that might impact future looking statements,
see the Company’s Ann⚲ual Report on ForMmA P10-K forN tEhWe Syear endMeOdV DERecSember 3IN1S,I D2E0R2S3 filed wAiRthTICLES DRILLING  Account
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 29, 2024, under the heading
“Risk Factors", and other factors identified in the Company's reports filed with the SEC, available on
the SEC website or at www.newmont.com. The Company does not undertake any obligation to
release publicly revisions to any “forward-looking statement,” including, without limitation, outlook, to
reflect events or circumstances after the date of this news release, or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. Investors should
not assume that any lack of update to a previously issued “forward-looking statement” constitutes a
reaffirmation of that statement.
1Closing of the transaction remains conditional on satisfaction of certain conditions including: (i)
Newmont and Greatland receiving approval for the transaction from the Foreign Investment Review
Board (FIRB); (ii) transfer of key approvals and tenements; (iii) assignment of key contracts and
leases; (iv) obtaining specific environmental licenses; (iv) restart of operations at Telfer following
remediation of TSF8; and (v) other customary closing conditions. See cautionary statement at the
end of this release regarding forward-looking statements.
2Includes $155.1m of acquisition consideration (subject to certain adjustments) and a $52.4m
repayment of the outstanding joint venture loan. The ratio of cash and equity consideration is subject
to adjustment based on the outcome of the capital raising to be undertaken by Greatland in
connection with this divestment.
3Up to a maximum $100.0 million in deferred consideration may be payable to Newmont in cash
through a gold price linked payment structure with a 50% price upside participation by Newmont in
respect of gold produced from Havieron for 5 calendar years following the declaration of commercial
production, subject to a hurdle price of $1,850/oz. Deferred consideration for the relevant year will
be equal to 50% x (market price – hurdle price) x sum of total gold sold for the relevant year (inc.
doré and concentrate), subject to the annual cap and the total cap. The applicable annual cap is $50
million and the total cap is $100 million.
4 Outlook and Guidance Metrics contained in the release are forward-looking statements. See
cautionary statement at the end of this release.
Contacts
Investor Contact - Global
Neil Backhouse
investor.relations@newmont.com
Investor Contact – Asia Pacific
Natalie Worley
apac.investor.relations@newmont.com
Media Contact - Global
Jennifer Pakradooni
globalcommunications@newmont.com
Media Contact – Asia Pacific
Rosalie Cobai
australiacommunications@newmont.com
All Market Data prices are at least 15 minutes delayed and the Delayed Market Data has been created on an "as is" basis. The currency of the Delayed Market Data is
quoted in CAD.

TABLE:
For a more detailed discussion of risks and other factors that might impact future looking statements,
see the Company’s Ann⚲ual Report on ForMmA P10-K forN tEhWe Syear endMeOdV DERecSember 3IN1S,I D2E0R2S3 filed wAiRthTICLES DRILLING
the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the “SEC”) on February 29, 2024, under the heading |  Account

TABLE:
he “SEC”) on February 29, 2024, under the heading |  |  |  | 
C
C | o | ompany's reports filed with the SEC, available on
mpany does not undertake any obligation to |  | 
g statement,” including, without limitation, outlook, to | statement,” including, without limitation, outlook, to | tatement,” including, without limitation, outlook, to |  | 

TABLE:
 | All Market Data prices are at least 15 minutes delayed and the Delayed Market Data has been created on an "as is" basis. The currency of the Delayed Market Data is |  |  |  | 
 |  |  | quoted in CAD. |  | 

