ASX RELEASE
24 SEPTEMBER 2024
Investor Briefing | Webinar
24 September 2024 at 10am AWST
Caspin Resources Limited (ASX: CPN) (“Caspin” or the “Company) is pleased to invite shareholders and
investors to a webinar hosted by Managing Director, Greg Miles.
The Webinar will summarise the Capital Raise and acquisition together with a Company presentation, followed
by a Q&A.
Shareholders and investors are invited to register using the Webinar URL link for the free webinar below:
WEBINAR URL: https://us06web.zoom.us/webinar/register/WN_ds0OUHklRZOsotjXVs-GnA
DATE: Tuesday, 24 September 2024
TIME: 10am AWST | 12pm AEST
DURATION: ~40 minutes
After registering, you will receive a confirmation email containing a calendar invitation and information about
joining the webinar.
Investors are invited to submit questions prior to the event via the registration page.
This announcement has been authorised for release to the ASX by the Board of Caspin Resources Limited.
For further details, please contact:
Greg Miles Steven Wood
Managing Director Company Secretary
ABOUT CASPIN
Caspin Resources Limited (ASX Code: CPN) is a new mineral exploration company based in Perth, Western Australia.
Caspin has extensive skills and experience in early-stage exploration and development. The Company is actively
exploring the Yarawindah Brook Project in Australia’s exciting new PGE-Ni-Cu West Yilgarn province and the
Mount Squires Project in the West Musgrave region, one of Australia’s last mineral exploration frontiers.
At the Company’s flagship Yarawindah Brook Project, recent drilling campaigns at Yarabrook Hill
have made new discoveries of PGE, nickel and copper sulphide mineralisation. Meanwhile,
the Company continues to bring new targets to drill readiness by collecting geophysical and
geochemical data across the project.
At the Mount Squires Project, Caspin has identified a 40+km structural corridor with
significant gold mineralisation as well as a 17km extension of the West Musgrave Ni-Cu
corridor which hosts the One Tree Hill Prospect and Nebo-Babel Deposits along strike. The
Company will conduct further soil sampling, geophysics and reconnaissance drilling along
both mineralisation trends.
FOLLOW US
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/company/caspin-resources-limited
Twitter: https://twitter.com/CaspinRes

