ASX: M2R | 5 March 2025
NEW TENENEMENT APPLICATIONS EXPAND
EASTERN GOLDFIELDS LAND POSITION
• New tenement applications along Randall Fault - major mineralised structure
• Multiple shallow historic gold drill intersections with kilometres of prospective
geology and structure never drill tested
• Surrounded by existing and proposed processing infrastructure
Miramar Resources Limited (ASX:M2R, “Miramar” or “the Company”) is pleased to advise that it has
submitted tenement applications over shallow historical gold drill intersections at its 100%-owned Randalls
Project (“Randalls” or “the Project”) located 70 kilometres east of Kalgoorlie, in the Eastern Goldfields
region of Western Australia.
The Company has recently submitted applications for two new Exploration Licences, E25/659 and
E28/3510, which expand its strategic land position along the Randalls Fault, a major mineralised but
underexplored structure (Figure 1).
E25/659 covers an almost 20 kilometre long segment of the Randall Fault between the large 11 kilometre
long aircore gold anomaly outlined on Lake Yindarlgooda, to the north, and the high-grade “Farr-Jones”
gold prospect, to the south, both of which were discovered by Miramar’s Executive Chairman, Mr Allan
Kelly, whilst working for a previous company.
Mr Kelly said the Company was building a strategic land position along the Randall Fault, a highly
prospective but underexplored regional structure.
“In a record gold price environment, it obviously makes sense to be exploring in one of the world’s greatest
gold provinces,” he said.
“Despite over a hundred years of exploration and mining, there are still pockets of underexplored ground
like the Randalls Project within potential trucking distance of Kalgoorlie,” he said.
“We look forward to progressing the new tenements to grant and then getting out on the ground,” he added.
The new tenement applications cover almost 20 kilometres of strike of the Randall Fault with multiple
shallow historic drill results > 1g/t Au, sourced from various WAMEX reports and summarised in Figure 2.
The vast majority of the historic drilling is shallow rotary air blast (RAB) or aircore, with limited reverse
circulation (RC) and virtually no diamond drilling recorded.
There are significant gaps in the historic drilling coverage, most notably at the northern end, and virtually
no testing of the clastic sedimentary package to the east of the Randall Fault, despite that unit hosting
both the Farr-Jones gold prospect and the high-grade Mt Belches gold deposits (Maxwells, Cock-Eyed
Bob, Santa etc) further south.
Miramar will continue compiling the historic drill data and commence targeting whilst progressing the
tenement applications towards grant.
Upcoming Work Programmes
Miramar advises that it is in the final stages of planning for drilling at the Gidji JV project, located 15
kilometres north of Kalgoorlie and surrounded by multiple gold mining and processing operations.
The Company has also signed up to phase two of the CSIRO’s “Indicator Minerals for Magmatic Nickel
Sulphides (IM4NiS)” project and applied for co-funding of a detailed magnetic and electromagnetic survey
at its Bangemall Cu-Ni-Co-PGE projects under the WA government’s Exploration Incentive Scheme (EIS).
ASX: M2R | ABN 34 635 359 965 | Unit 1, 22 Hardy Street, South Perth, Western Australia 6151
PO Box 810, South Perth WA 6951 | miramarresources.com.au | info@miramarresources.com.au | +61 (8) 6166 6302

Figure 1. The Randalls Project highlighting two new Applications (E25/659 and E28/3510).
ASX Announcement 5 March 2025 2

Figure 2. Central section of the Randalls Project showing historic drilling results over 1VD magnetics.
ASX Announcement 5 March 2025 3

For more information on Miramar Resources Limited, please visit the company’s website at
www.miramarresources.com.au, follow the Company on social media (Twitter @MiramarRes and
LinkedIn @Miramar Resources Ltd) or contact:
Allan Kelly Margie Livingston
Executive Chairman Ignite Communications
info@miramarresources.com.au margie@ignitecommunications.com.au
This announcement has been authorised for release by Mr Allan Kelly, Executive Chairman, on behalf of
the Board of Miramar Resources Limited.
About the Randalls Project
The large 100%-owned Randalls Project is located approximately 70 kilometres east of Kalgoorlie and
surrounded by existing and proposed gold mining and processing infrastructure.
The northern part of the Project covers approximately 30 kilometres of strike of the Randall Fault, a major
regional, but underexplored fault which juxtaposes mafic rocks against sedimentary units, including the
Belches Formation, which hosts the Mt Belches gold deposits, currently being operated by Vault Minerals
Limited, and the Farr-Jones prospect.
Much of the Randalls Fault remains undrilled despite multiple significant shallow historical drill
intersections.
The southern part of the Project contains a complexly folded banded iron formation along strike from the
Mt Belches gold operations and has potential for gold and lithium mineralisation.
ASX Announcement 5 March 2025 4

About Miramar Resources Limited
Miramar Resources Limited is an active, WA-focused mineral exploration company exploring for gold,
copper and Ni-Cu-PGE deposits in the Eastern Goldfields and Gascoyne regions of WA.
Miramar’s aims to create shareholder value through discovery of high-quality mineral deposits and the
Company’s Board has a track record of discovery, development and production within Australia, Africa,
and North America.
ASX Announcement 5 March 2025 5

COMPETENT PERSON STATEMENT
The information in this report that relates to Exploration Targets or Exploration Results is based on
information compiled by Allan Kelly, a “Competent Person” who is a Member of The Australian Institute of
Geoscientists. Mr Kelly is the Executive Chairman of Miramar Resources Ltd. He is a full-time employee
of Miramar Resources Ltd and holds shares and options in the company.
Mr Kelly has sufficient experience that is relevant to the style of mineralisation and type of deposits under
consideration and to the activity being undertaken to Qualify as a “Competent Person” as defined in the
2012 Edition of the ‘Australasian Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore
Reserves’.
Mr Kelly consents to the inclusion in this Announcement of the matters based on his information and in
the form and context in which it appears.
Historical exploration results for the Randalls Project, including JORC Table 1 and 2 information, is
included in the Miramar Prospectus dated 4 September 2020.
ASX Announcement 5 March 2025 6

