ASX Announcement
13 December 2024
Completion of Eureka Gold Project
Acquisition and Board Appointment
Javelin Minerals Limited (ASX: JAV) (or “the Company”) is pleased to announce that, following Shareholder
approval at the Annual General Meeting held on 29 November 2024, it has completed the 100% acquisition of
the Eureka Gold Project (Eureka Gold Project or Project), located in the Eastern Goldfields in Western Australia,
from Delta Lithium Limited (ASX: DLI) (Delta).
The brownfields Eureka Gold Project is located 54km north-northwest of Kalgoorlie in the heart of the State’s
greenstone belt. It sits 20km north-northwest of the world-famous Paddington gold mine and near several
producing mines.
The Eastern Goldfields region is considered highly prospective for gold mineralisation and contains a number
of world class historical mines and large gold mineral systems. The Eureka Gold Project is situated in a highly
fertile greenstone belt with numerous gold deposits with a number of large operating gold mines in the area.
Eureka was mined in the early 1990s and then subject to tribute mining in 2018. The majority of the gold
resource is currently hosted on granted mining leases in the immediate vicinity of the Eureka open pit, along
strike and down-dip. The mineralisation is hosted within several steeply dipping sheared zones dipping at
approximately 75 degrees to the east.
Figure 1 – Location Map showing the Eureka Project area with nearby Gold Mines and major infrastructure
Page 1

ASX Announcement
13 December 2024
The existing Eureka Gold Project Mineral Resource Estimate (MRE) stands at 2.45 Mt at 1.42g/t Au totalling
112,000 ounces of gold (ASX Announcement 24 June 2021: TNT Mines drilling increases Eureka Resource to
112,000 oz gold). The Eureka Mineral Resource as of June 2021 based on tonnes and grades is shown in
Annexure 1. In addition to the resource, Eureka hosts outstanding exploration potential and the Company is
planning its first drilling program at Eureka to commence in early 2025.
Figure 2 – Eureka Open Pit North Wall showing gold ore zone within shear zone
Board Appointment
The Board is also delighted to announce the appointment of Peter Gilford as Non-Executive Director, effective
immediately.
Mr Gilford is a finance professional with over 20 years of experience in the areas of financial management,
mergers and acquisitions, debt and equity funding, accounting, treasury, insurance, taxation, ASX compliance
and investor relations. He has provided services to a large number of mining, exploration and construction
companies.
Mr Gilford is currently the CFO and Company Secretary of Delta Lithium. Previous experience includes the role
of CFO at mining services provider MACA Limited (MACA), where he had responsibility for the oversight of all
aspects of the finance function. Mr Gilford holds a Bachelor of Commerce and a Graduate Diploma in Applied
Corporate Governance. Mr Gilford is a member of the institute of Chartered Accountants in Australia and New
Zealand and an associate member of the Governance Institute of Australia.
Page 2

ASX Announcement
13 December 2024
This ASX announcement has been authorised for release by the Board of Javelin Minerals Limited.
-ENDS-
For further information, please contact:
Brett Mitchell Paul Armstrong
Executive Chairman Investor Relations Consultant
Javelin Minerals Limited Read Corporate
info@javelinminerals.com.au paul@readcorporate.com.au
Competent Persons Statement
The information in this report that relates to Exploration Results is based on information compiled by Pedro Kastellorizos. Mr. Kastellorizos is the Non-
Executive Director of Javelin Minerals Limited and is a Member of the AusIMM of whom have sufficient experience relevant to the styles of mineralisation
under consideration and to the activity being reported to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian Code for
Reporting of Exploration Results, Mineral Resources and Ore Reserves. Mr. Kastellorizos has verified the data disclosed in this release and consent to
the inclusion in this release of the matters based on the information in the form and context in which it appears. Mr Kastellorizos has reviewed all
relevant data for the aircore drilling program and reported the results accordingly.
The information in this report / ASX release that relates to Exploration Results, Exploration Targets and Mineral Resources at Eurekais based on
information compiled and reviewed by Mr. Alfred Gillman, Director of independent consulting firm, Odessa Resource Pty Ltd. Mr. Gillman, a Fellow and
Chartered Professional of the Australasian Institute of Mining and Metallurgy (the AusIMM) and has sufficient experience relevant to the styles of
mineralisation under consideration and to the activity being reported to qualify as a Competent Person as defined in the 2012 Edition of the Australasian
Code for Reporting of Exploration Results, Exploration Targets and Mineral Resources. Mr Gillman is a full-time employee of Odessa Resource Pty Ltd,
who specialises in mineral resource estimation, evaluation, and exploration. Neither Mr Gillam nor Odessa Resource Pty Ltd holds any interest in
Javelin Minerals Limited, its related parties, or in any of the mineral properties that are the subject of this announcement. Mr Gillman consents to the
inclusion in this report / ASX release of the matters based on information in the form and context in which it appears. Additionally, Mr Gillman confirms
that the entity is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information contained in the ASX releases referred to in this report.
Javelin Minerals Limited confirms that it is not aware of any new information or data that materially affects the information included in the original ASX
announcements and that all material assumptions and technical parameters underpinning Exploration Results, Exploration Targets and Mineral
Resources included in the original ASX announcements continue to apply and have no materially changed, and the forma and context in which the
relevant competent person’s findings are presented in this report have not been materially modified from the original ASX announcements.
Forward Statement
This news release contains “forward-looking information” within the meaning of applicable securities laws. Generally, any statements that are not
historical facts may contain forward-looking information, and forward looking information can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology
such as “plans”, “expects” or “does not expect”, “is expected”, “budget” “scheduled”, “estimates”, “forecasts”, “intends”, “anticipates” or “does
not anticipate”, or “believes”, or variations of such words and phrases or indicates that certain actions, events or results “may”, “could”, “would”,
“might” or “will be” taken, “occur” or “be achieved.” Forward-looking information is based on certain factors and assumptions management believes
to be reasonable at the time such statements are made, including but not limited to, continued exploration activities, commodity prices, the estimation
of initial and sustaining capital requirements, the estimation of labour costs, the estimation of mineral reserves and resources, assumptions with
respect to currency fluctuations, the timing and amount of future exploration and development expenditures, receipt of required regulatory approvals,
the availability of necessary financing for the project, permitting and such other assumptions and factors as set out herein.
Forward-looking information is subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause the actual results, level of activity,
performance or achievements of the Company to be materially different from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking information,
including but not limited to: risks related to changes in commodity prices; sources and cost of power and water for the Project; the estimation of initial
capital requirements; the lack of historical operations; the estimation of labour costs; general global markets and economic conditions; risks
associated with exploration of mineral deposits; the estimation of initial targeted mineral resource tonnage and grade for the project; risks associated
with uninsurable risks arising during the course of exploration; risks associated with currency fluctuations; environmental risks; competition faced in
securing experienced personnel; access to adequate infrastructure to support exploration activities; risks associated with changes in the mining
regulatory regime governing the Company and the Project; completion of the environmental assessment process; risks related to regulatory and
permitting delays; risks related to potential conflicts of interest; the reliance on key personnel; financing, capitalisation and liquidity risks including the
risk that the financing necessary to fund continued exploration and development activities at the project may not be available on satisfactory terms, or
at all; the risk of potential dilution through the issuance of additional common shares of the Company; the risk of litigation.
Although the Company has attempted to identify important factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended, there can be no
assurance that such forward-looking information will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those
anticipated in such information. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking information. Forward looking information is
Page 3

ASX Announcement
13 December 2024
made as of the date of this announcement and the Company does not undertake to update or revise any forward-looking information this is included
herein, except in accordance with applicable securities laws.
For further information, please refer to previous ASX announcement:
ASX Announcement 19 November 2024: Strong Drill Targets Identified at Eureka Gold Project
ASX Announcement 25 October 2024: JAV to acquire brownfields Eureka Gold Mine near Kalgoorlie
Page 4

ASX Announcement
13 December 2024
APPENDIX 1 - Eureka Gold Project Mineral Resource Estimate
The existing Eureka Gold Project Mineral Resource Estimate (MRE) stands at 2.45Mt at 1.42 g/t Au totalling
112,000 ounces of gold (ASX Announcement 24 June 2021: TNT Mines drilling increases Eureka Resource to
112,000 oz gold). Table 1 showing the Eureka Mineral Resource as of June 2021 based on tonnes and grades.
Table 1: Eureka Gold Deposit Mineral Resource Estimate by Classification as of June 2021
(at a 0.5 g/t Au cut-off)
Tonnage Grade Contained Metal
Classification
t g/t Au (Oz Gold)
Indicated 1,269,000 1.53 62,000
Inferred 1,183,000 1.3 50,000
Total 2,452,000 1.42 112,000
Page 5

TABLE:
Classification | Tonnage
t | Grade
g/t Au | Contained Metal
(Oz Gold)
Indicated | 1,269,000 | 1.53 | 62,000
Inferred | 1,183,000 | 1.3 | 50,000
Total | 2,452,000 | 1.42 | 112,000

